Generated Plans per Goal

Goal: Bake a cake, without using an oven, a bowl, butter, sugar, flour, a spatula, a pan, sprinkles, candles, icing, cake mix, a bowl, measuring cups, a spoon, a scale, baking paper, or a recipe.

	Plan: "I would shape mud into a cake-like mound and allow it to sit in the sun for several hours to make a mud cake."

	Plan: "it is possible to make a flourless, butter less, and sugar less cake. Take a mug, eggs, cocoa powder, espresso powder, vanilla extract, chocolate chips, butter substitute and chocolate chips. mix it all together with a fork and cook it in the microwave. Then top it off with condensed milk, this will act as a sort of icing, with out it being icing.  "

	Plan: "A way to achieve the goal of baking a cake without using any of the typical tools used to bake a cake would be to play a video game in which a cake can be baked. A few examples would be The Sims and Lemon Cake -- in both games you can bake all different types of foods and treats, including all kinds of different cakes. This way, you can achieve your goal with only a computer. "

	Plan: "You will not be able to bake a cake because you need all the ingredients."

	Plan: "Throw a bunch of meat into a food processor and blend it till smooth. Wrap the meat wad in banana leaves. Dig a hole and layer the bottom with hot coals. Place the meat bundle on top. Then cover the bundle with more hot coals and top it all off with dirt. Wait a couple hours, then dig it all up to reveal your baked meat cake."

	Plan: "Using a mug, combine finely ground almonds, an artificial sweetener, oil, and eggs. Then microwave the cup."

	Plan: "It is difficult to make a cake without key ingredients or an oven. I would just throw in whatever you feel is best and leave it in the microwave in a mug. "

	Plan: "I would bake the cake in virtual reality since I technically wouldn't be using any of those ingredients."

	Plan: "Use eggs and find substitutes for all the other ingredients, put them in a mug, then microwave it.  "

	Plan: "Revert to your childhood and the days of mud pies and sand cakes! Go outside and find some natural ingredients like mud, leaves, sand, twigs, grass, etc. and build yourself a cake! Or simply play a nice game of patty-cake with a friend. "

Goal: Build a bookshelf, without using wood, planks, nails, gum, or books.

	Plan: "Building a bookshelf without typical bookshelf materials is easy. I would ask my buddy to borrow his 3D printer and I would print out the components and slot them together. It won't look good, but it would work."

	Plan: "Have some empty boxes laying around? Stack them on top of each other!"

	Plan: "I guess you could use strips of a sturdy material that isn't wood and use some sort of carpet tape to piece the material together. Also, you didn't say that the bookshelf can't be virtual. So maybe just open up Ibooks or something lol"

	Plan: "Metal shelving would work the best as it would be sturdy, last a long time, and is not made from any remnants of wood at all.  Notches could be cut into the metal to slot them together, and although nails are disallowed, screws or nuts and bolts would be perfectly fine to secure the shelves and some supports so that it all stays together and stands under the weight that is put on it."

	Plan: "I would build a bookshelf out of cement blocks that have hollowed-out spaces. It would be convenient to stack the cement blocks since it does not require nails or wood."

	Plan: "I would take six cinder blocks and put them length wise with three on each side. In between each cinder block I would take a hard piece of plastic and stick it in between the cinder blocks. "

	Plan: "Well you could simply use metal to build it and use screws since those are technically different from nails. If the screws are too close you could instead weld the metal pieces together to craft a bookshelf."

	Plan: "My plan would be to use metal and super glue and make a bookshelf out of metal instead"

	Plan: "Learn how to work with metal, and build a bookshelf by melding metal together until it resembles a bookshelf. I believe it doesn't have to be a big shelf, perhaps with 4 quadrants of space to put books in. It wouldn't require nails as it would be shaped and melded."

	Plan: "You could build a bookshelf using plastic instead. You could buy or look for scraps of plastic that are about the size of a shelf, and keep them all together on ropes that you attach to your ceiling. this way the shelves will hang. "

Goal: Build a float to dazzle the crowd at the Macy's Day Parade, without using a trailer, plastic, balloon inflators, a celebrity, a mascot, or a team of other people.

	Plan: "A metal construction built over a tank could roll around a talented but unknown local musician. Metal automatons could dance in sync with the music."

	Plan: "Using a flatbed truck, create the float in the bed, and cover the rest of the car in decorations.  Use wood to create the base structure that would be displayed during the parade.  Cover the wooden structure with chicken wire.  Get lots of different flowers either fake or real, and attach the flowers to the chicken wire using string, or tape.  The goal would to be to cover the entire wooden structure with flowers completely.  "

	Plan: "To create a dazzling parade float, I would use a monster truck decked out in welded metal to look like a turkey. I would obtain scrap metal and weld it to the monster truck and then finish it off with a coat of paint."

	Plan: "Discover a way to engineer an anti-gravity device. Attach it to a large construction vehicle, and hover it along the parade route. "

	Plan: "To dazzle the crowd at the Macy's Day Parade, one should light fireworks from the top of a car, literally creating the most dazzling display imaginable. Tip: Avoid aiming fireworks at parade balloons."

	Plan: "Make the most amazing ice cream floats with creamy homemade ice cream and sodas and sell them to the crowd of the Macy's Day Parade. Treats are sure to dazzle everyone."

	Plan: "Construct a basic float of wood myself and decorate it with flowers and natural items picked far from the city. This will be completely unique float compared to the stark NYC environment. "

	Plan: "I would get a double-decker bus from London and outfit the top of it with animatronics singing a chorus in harmony while thier eyes were flashing strobe lights in time with the song."

	Plan: "Ask a friend that owns a truck with an open bed to borrow it or rent one yourself. Then, go to your nearest animal shelter (or crazy dog-loving friend) and ask if you can borrow some pups for a good cause. Leash those puppies up and have them sit in the back of the truck to greet people in the parade. Bonus: put the pups in themed costumes! Simple and crowd-pleasing!"

	Plan: "So you need to make sure that this float is able to go through the parade with only one person (yourself) operating it. You need to buy materials (i.e. wood, tools, wheels) that are suitable to create a float that you can attach to your vehicle (without a trailer of course). Then you need to add music and other eye-catching displays (such as glitters and canons). "

Goal: Clean the dirty dishes, without using soap, water, a tub, sanitizer, a sponge, detergent, a counter, or a dishwasher.

	Plan: "I would do my best to wipe the food debris off with a cloth and then use perhaps a clorox wipe to sanitize it. Afterward, I'd leave it out in the sun to dry. "

	Plan: "Use paper towels and try to wipe as much off. "

	Plan: "I can use cleaning wipes and paper towels to get as much off the dirty dishes as possible. I can also spray with vinegar and lemon juice as these could act as natural cleansers"

	Plan: "I would use a rag and wipe them clean "

	Plan: "If you don't allow water or any clean products, then perhaps the best I could do is wipe the dishes with a paper towel. You say no sanitizer but you don't say no rubbing alcohol, so if allowed I'd use that too. "

	Plan: "wipe off the big pieces with a cloth or papertowel. lick the rest clean. use rubbing alcohol to clean the rest and dry."

	Plan: "To clean dishes without any kind of water or soap, you would need to use really fine sand to scrub the plate. Really fine grain sand will wear away anything in it's way if it is rubbed in for long enough. It is also very sanitary. "

	Plan: "Heat up the stove, grab a pair of tongs and (carefully!) use the heat to sterilize the dishes."

	Plan: "Using a paper towel, wipe all the extra left overs and sauce remnants off of the dishes. You can also use your fingers or a spoon to pick off the pieces that are stuck on the dish. To remove oil, you can use rubbing alcohol. "

	Plan: "You could have your dog like the dishes. This is not very sanitary but it is better than nothing."

Goal: Cool down in a record-breaking heat wave, without using an air conditioner, fans, washclothes, cold water, a bathtub, ice cubes, ice cream, popsicles, bottled water, or a deep freezer.

	Plan: "You would find a tree with a good shade and sit underneath it and wait for a cool breeze to come by."

	Plan: "To cool down in record-breaking heat, find a pool or a body of water and get in it. The water will be a cooler temperature than the air. Additionally, getting out of the water and into a breeze will feel very relieving from the heat. Additionally, you can find a tile floor, lift up your shirt, and lay down on the floor facing up. The floor will be a cooler temperature and will cool you down."

	Plan: "I will fill the bathtub with cold water and dump some ice cubes in there. I will also put the fan next to the tub and turn it on. I will jump into the ice cold tub and eat a popsicle while at it. After my tub I will drink cold bottled water for the rest of the day. "

	Plan: "I would wet shirts and bath towels with warm water and place them into a refrigerator. Eventually they will become cool and I can put the shirts on and use the towels to cool down even more. "

	Plan: "The first thing I would do is find some shade. I would use umbrellas or clothing to set up around me to try to stop any indirect heat. I would also lay in the grass and maybe even dig in the dirt because that is cooler. I would try to stay still and put my hair up."

	Plan: "Go to a lake, river, stream or body of water and lay in the water all day. Bring lots of filtered tap water filled in a reusable water jug to keep hydrated. Eat foods that contain lots of water like fresh fruits and vegetables."

	Plan: "use a dehumidifier in the home to increase evaporation from your skin to cool down.  "

	Plan: "I will be inside of my house in the shade. I will install some heat blocking shades in my windows. I will then strip down naked, cover my body in cooling lotion and than lay down on the tile floor."

	Plan: "1) Go to store and buy an inflatable pool and umbrella. <br /><br />2) Set up pool and and cover with umbrella<br /><br />3) Fill water with NOT cold but not HOT water. <br /><br />4) Enjoy the pool and stay cool. "

	Plan: "You find a large tree and sit under it in the shade and let the natural breeze cool you. "

Goal: Create a safe landing for a falling skydiver, without using a net, drones, a safety flag, or a parachute.

	Plan: "In order to create a sage landing you would want to slow them down gradually. This could be done with a pillow like material."

	Plan: "an emergency giant deep pit filled with packing peanuts with ladders on the side so he can climb out and escape"

	Plan: "I will research what is the impact of someone hitting the ground from this type of height and calculate what force it needs to withstand. Then I will see what could help - e.g. does a water landing help or what kind of padding, and what is the accuracy of surface area needed to protect the person"

	Plan: "My first idea would be to try to manipulate the wind so that the diver lands in a large body of water. "

	Plan: "Taking a fall from such a height would be hard to cushion, but could be accomplished by using the appropriate amount of cardboard boxes or inflatable air-pillows that stuntmen use. The air-pillows can be deployed in a decent amount of time and if you are lucky enough to land where you need to, could save the diver. You could also try to position yourself above a lake, because even though the chances are higher of surviving, they aren't too much higher."

	Plan: "Make a huge pile using discarded leaves and branches."

	Plan: "Does no net include no slowing material? If not, then maybe we could use some kind of foam or soft padding to help slow the fall. Otherwise, I have no idea. "

	Plan: "I'm not aware of any way to keep a skydiver alive without a parachute. I don't think that's possible."

	Plan: "Using wind forecasts, speed of drop and direction hopefully we'll be able to narrow down a general location of where the skydiver will land. If possible, direct the skydiver to land in an area that is flat and relatively clear. The skydiver should spread out their arms and legs as much as possible to create some air resistance before help gets there. Once we know where the skydiver is landing, I suggest we use an inflatable cushion such as the ones used in fires, or emergency airplane landings. This will provide some cushioning for the skydiver, and keep the damage to a minimum."

	Plan: "Place a trampoline where they will fall on it and it will give when they land and less broken bones."

Goal: Cut down a tree, without using a chainsaw, an axe, or a lorry.

	Plan: "You could perhaps use a metal wire such as piano wire to saw away at the tree. It would probably take an immense amount of effort but would probably eventually cut the tree."

	Plan: "A man is only as good as his tools. So in this case, cutting a tree with essentially nothing will be a difficult task, albeit difficult, it's still doable. In this situation I would probably first snap off the branches of the tree to at least visualize I can beat this tree, I am better than this tree. I'm no expert but after that I think I would find a rock or something and just chip away at the tree. This may take days, so maybe I would consider a different approach like tying a rope around a tree and getting a vehicle with a hitch and just give 'er. This wouldn't necessarily be cutting the tree though, it would just be pulling it from the ground. I would probably stick to the rock or ask for a smaller tree I can just snap in half."

	Plan: "Convince a beaver, if there's one around, to chew off the tree you plan to cut down. It might take some time, but it should eventually come down. Make sure to prepare for taking the tree before the beaver does."

	Plan: "I would try to take a giant metal piece and shave it into thin pieces. I would tie a rope around each end of the metal and begin rubbing it back and forth until it began to cut the tree."

	Plan: "I would use a drill, which would eventually work after several passes in several different areas."

	Plan: "A handheld saw could be used, as this is not disallowed at all.  A large saw with handles on both ends would work best, with two people alternating pushing and pulling, and some wires could be utilized to guide the tree relatively safely in one direction. "

	Plan: "I would use a crowbar to cut down a tree. I could hack at the tree stem and pull with the angled edge of the crowbar."

	Plan: "Tie ropes around the tree trunk and have everyone in the country pull until the tree has fallen."

	Plan: "You could use a big knife and slowly over time cut away at the tree. this will take time but you need to be patient and cut the tree little by little. Once you get half way you can push the top of the tree, or pull at it with a rope ties around the top, in order to get the tree to fall."

	Plan: "My plan would be to use a knife and my hands and split apart the tree bark until it is thin enough to fall"

Goal: Decorate the world's largest Christmas tree, without using lights, Christmas decorations, or fake leaves.

	Plan: "You can try sprinkling glitter around the tree so that when the sun shines on it, it lights up the tree. You can also decorate it with paper star origami, with a wish written on the paper. It may take a lot, but it would be cool."

	Plan: "Since light is typically a staple for Christmas trees and helps the visual as well as the spectacle of the tree, a substitute needs to be used.  Without direct light, reflective surfaces should be used.  Colored foil placed in spiky patterns regularly around the tree will make the tree reflect natural light spectacularly, and will even give a unique visual depending on what kind of lighting is used.  Without using lights, one could use flames far enough away from the tree to be safe that will then reflect off of the foil.  <br /><br />Without using Christmas decorations, you still need something to view within the tree.  Christmas is a time of good feeling and coming together with family, so pictures of people from around the world with their families and extended families could cover the tree, and could even be strategically placed to show the diversity of families around the world.  Children's toys can also be added for some color, and then donated to needy families on Christmas Day if they are still in good condition.<br /><br />A tree topper is also typical of a Christmas tree, so in lieu of actual Christmas decorations, something impressive would need to reside there.  A disco ball would be a very impressive look, although in its typical spherical form it would look strange.  A special spiky version could be custom-ordered to act as the star atop the tree, which would also reflect the lighting brilliantly."

	Plan: "I would get a bunch of bright reflective candy wrappers such as air heads to put on the tree. This way it could be festive colors and still have that nice reflective sort of shine that I think of when I imagine a Christmas ornament. If you could alternatively keep the candy in the wrappers and hang it. It would be an added present for the kids."

	Plan: "I would take colorful string and attach small white marshmallows. It would make it looks like little snowballs. Then I would take fake foam in a can and spray it all around the tree."

	Plan: "Decorate using candy such as candy canes, lollipops, or nerd ropes. You could also decorate using strings of popcorn like they used to do in the early 1900s. You could also decorate using flowers in christmas colors."

	Plan: "Use a crane to dump artificial snow onto the tree. "

	Plan: "I would choose a theme that is unrelated to Christmas. For example, I could decorate the Christmas tree with a movie theater theme for a Christmas movie showing. I would strategically place popcorn buckets filled with popcorn around the tree, along with old film strips and various candy boxes."

	Plan: "My plan would be to create my own decorations that aren't necessarily Christmas related and use those instead. I would also use  a blanket that i could cut up and use as an alternative to accenting the Christmas tree leaves"

	Plan: "With the world's largest Christmas tree, I would invite the public to contribute and tell them what is and isn't allowed. We could put belongings we cherish on the Christmas tree and it would be good for the whole community. I would probably throw away a fountain soda cup within the tree's branches and call it decoration because despite my birth being around it, I'm not too into Christmas. Bah humbug. "

	Plan: "I would decorate it with any random crap I could find that could be thought of as cute"

Goal: Escape from inside a locked custodial closet, without using a phone, a key, a sharp object, a screwdriver, a mop handle, scrap wood, or a note.

	Plan: "We have all seen the movies. What you want to do is find the air vent located in the ceiling of the closet and open the grate. Once open, climb inside and wiggle your way through the vents until you reach an opening and climb back down. You have escaped!"

	Plan: "First I would try yelling to see if anyone could hear me and unlock the door. If that didn't work, I would need to start using my foot to kick down the door."

	Plan: "Kick through the wall. Secure doors are built to be resistant to force, but the walls just beside them are often regular wood frame and drywall."

	Plan: "First, try to call for help to see if someone can let you out of the custodial closet.  Periodically call while trying to get out if no one initially comes.  Next, look to see if there is an air duct or vent that you could climb in to get to another room that you would be able to get out of.  If there is no vent, look for an object that you could hit against the door handle that would make it fall off along with the lock system.  "

	Plan: "Yell to gain someone's attention then ask them to let you out."

	Plan: "Knock loudly and yell every 10 to 30 minutes until someone hears me and lets me out. "

	Plan: "Using a credit card I would maneuver it between the door and the doorframe so it could unlock the latch. "

	Plan: "Look for a an object like a bobby pin or paperclip and stick the clip inside the key hole. Pick the lock and try to unlock yourself."

	Plan: "Use a ladder in the closet to remove the ceiling tiles and crawl above-ground until you are on the other side."

	Plan: "There is more than likely a fire extinguisher in a custodial closet but if there isn't any blunt object will do. I can use this to slam down on the doorknob and into the portion of the door above it. The side where the door opens and the lock resides is usually the weakest part of the door. When the wood begins to splinter I can kick my way out or continue using the extinguisher. "

Goal: Escape quicksand, without using a branch or vines.

	Plan: "I would use a flare gun to call for my hiking party and hope someone was around or scream as loud as I could for help."

	Plan: "To escape quicksand without using a branch or vines, first, you want to make sure that you remain calm in the situation and do not move around more than you necessarily need to.  Call for the help of someone around if available. Next, you might be able to use a piece of clothing as a rope between the two of you and have the person not in the quicksand attempt to slowly and effectively pull you out of the quicksand.   "

	Plan: "Do not struggle because it will make you sink faster. Instead, slowly move to the closest edge of the quicksand. Use your arms to slowly pull yourself as to not exert too much energy."

	Plan: "Throw all of the objects weighing you down outside of the quicksand. Very slowly, walk towards the end of the quicksand."

	Plan: "First you need to keep moving your body back and forth, side to side so you will not get stuck in the quicksand. Then, try to pull yourself out as much as you can."

	Plan: "To escape quicksand without using branches or vines, one should continuously scream for help while moving as little as possible. If you are close to the solid edge grab on and slowly work on wiggling your lower extremities out of the sand. "

	Plan: "One of the easiest ways to escape quicksand is to move slowly, back-peddling towards the shore and avoid separating the legs too much. If I am stuck waist-deep I can lean back into a flat position to evenly distribute my weight and slowly allow my feet to rise to the surface and free my legs. Once free I can slowly inch backward. "

	Plan: "Always keep your head and arms above the quicksand should you find yourself in it. If you have excess weight, like a bag, get rid of it. Do not panic or move too quickly as it will cause you to sink more. Slowly move your legs up one at a time with a rest in between to let the quicksand re-solidify in the space you just moved your leg from before starting again. It will take time but will eventually get you out of the quicksand."

	Plan: "Have my friend pull me out."

	Plan: "make myself as light as possible and toss my bag and any jackets off of me. move very slowly and deliberately. try and reach someone elses hand or a root to grab on to. otherwise just do my best to ease out. "

Goal: Find out how many sharks live in a cove off a nearby coast, without using bait, an underwater camera, a submarine, a shark tracking app, red lines, or a danger-zone notice board.

	Plan: "I would go out in a boat and observe them, tag them, and then count them that way."

	Plan: "One way to do this, depending on the type of shark, could be to tag each of the sharks that live around the coast. This may be done by sedating the sharks first and then applying a tag (ideally without hurting the animal). Overtime, this will hopefully allow us to get an estimate of how many sharks live in the cove."

	Plan: "I could ask the people who live there to count them when they see them. or I could set out nets to capture them. It doesn't say the sharks have to be alive. "

	Plan: "Use a drone at different times of day to track the sharks."

	Plan: "use a team in a helicopter to fly over the cove and monitor shark activity. measure size and type of shark. "

	Plan: "Get on a large boat. make sure you have scuba gear , a shark cage and a good crew. Go of the coastline in said shark cage and observe what is happening."

	Plan: "Hire a marine biologist and use their expertise to create a device that a shark will interact with while counting the number of interactions. "

	Plan: "The plan is to find this out or how I would go about finding this out? If the latter, I would research experts on sharks, phone them up, and talk to them about this problem. If it is possible to do, it's likely they could give me hints either on how to do it or who to contact to ask more. "

	Plan: "I would say that to accomplish such a task, you would need to use airplanes and scuba gear. Most sharks you would be able to see from the surface in an area such as a cove, where the water will be a little more shallow, so an airplane should do just fine. On the other hand, that may not be the case, so using a boat and divers a little further off the cost to get a good look from a ground perspective would be helpful as well. You could also at some point start geo-tagging sharks to get an accurate assessment of how many there may actually be."

	Plan: "You could collect the water and test for shark DNA. If that is not accurate enough you could guess based off of the amount of sharks spotted in that area."

Goal: Fix a flat tire, without using a spare tire, a car mechanic, a tow truck, a car jack, vulcanizing tools, or a pressure gauge.

	Plan: "Fix-a-flat is something everybody should always have in their trunk and it is for situations like this. Any type of temporary tire sealant or AAA is about your only way out of this one."

	Plan: "You could use a bike pump to blow up the tire and hope for the best."

	Plan: "Completely fix it? I don't see how that's possible. Temporally if the flat isn't that bad, we could just fill it with air and drive, refilling as necessary. "

	Plan: "I would use a screw driver and attempt to remove the tire "

	Plan: "Use a hand held blow torch. Find a friend who is really strong and have them lift up the side that has the flat. Carefully heat up some extra rubber, and insert in the hole in the flat. Inflate as soon as possible."

	Plan: "I would use a pump and seal the hole until I could get it replaced."

	Plan: "I will air up the tire."

	Plan: "doesn't say it's a car tire - I can fix a flat tire bike just by replacing the tube and using a hand pump - it's very easy!"

	Plan: "I have no idea. If it is a long term fix I would take it in to a friend who maybe knows more about fixing cars than I do. If it is a short term fix, honestly I would call my parents and ask to be picked up. I would probably grab duct tape or some sort of glue to glue the hole. Then I would use one of those machines that pushes air back into the tire to pump it to a level that will at least allow me to travel to wherever I need to be."

	Plan: "I would replace the tire with something else that could be a quick replacement so that I'd be able to push the car home. After that, I'd buy a new car. "

Goal: Get your sofa onto the roof of your house, without using a pulley, a Genie lift, a protective plastic layer, a ladder, or a crane.

	Plan: "You could gather up some strong friends. Have some get on the roof and others stand on the ground and lift it up to the ones on the roof. "

	Plan: "I will build a large wooden ramp with steps on the side of the ramp on the side of my house with platforms to rest the couch on every 5 feet. I will then Gather a few friends to help me Push the couch up the ramp. Three of us will start the bottom of the ramp push it up to the first platform while one guy is already on top of the first platform to help get the couch on top of it. Next we will do the same concept on the first platform up to the second platform. From the second platform we can Just lift the couch up and place it on top of the roof."

	Plan: "My plan is to park my car next to the roof and jump from the car onto the roof. Honestly, I have done this before. I put my SUV next to the roof and I was able to successfully reach the roof of my house. "

	Plan: "This would need quite a few people I think because a sofa is heavy. Wrap the sofa in fabric tarps and tie it all up with a rope. Then tie more ropes to it to help pull it up onto the roof. Have at least 3 strong men to pull it up, but more people would make it even easier, like 6 or 7. Have people standing on the ground helping to lift it up as well. Or make a big ramp or stairs out of wood and carry it up that way using multiple people."

	Plan: "A few days before you move the sofa onto the roof, gather a group of two to three people who will be willing to help you that day. Also, obtain a strong, sturdy rope. On the day of putting the sofa on the roof, tie the rope around the sofa. Have three of the people on the roof pulling the sofa up onto the roof and you and/or someone else monitoring from the ground."

	Plan: "What you're going to have to do is get 3 to 4 very strong men together. One will have to stand on the ground and guide the couch upwards towards the roof while another helps from the ground. The other two will be on the roof pulling up the couch slowly. One will pull up the couch while the other steadys the other pulling up the couch, and makes sure the couch comes up slowly and steady."

	Plan: "I would build a ramp with supporting beams underneath. Once the ramp is built, I would be able to push it up onto the roof."

	Plan: "I would call all of my strongest friends to come help me move it out of my house. Then buy a large ramp or pile up cinder blocks to get the latter up with the help of the other people."

	Plan: "1) Cut sofa in half or even quarters if necessary<br /><br />2) Get some big guys or movers<br /><br />3) Have them climb on roof and just carry or throw the sofa parts up<br /><br />4) Sew or tape your sofa back together"

	Plan: "I will use 5 strong men to bring my sofa to the attic where I have a window that has roof top access "

Goal: Help your local town mayor win re-election, without using billboards, sporting events, fundraisers, a local chamber of commerce, small businesses, social media, a website, signs, rallies, flyers, or phones.

	Plan: "You could go door to door and tell people all the good things about re-electing the mayor. "

	Plan: "I will wrap my car with the town mayors face and slogan. I will also just use word of mouth and tell everyone I know to tell everyone they know. "

	Plan: "You would have to go door to door and speak to people about your local town mayor in person. "

	Plan: "I will organize a team to go into neighborhoods knocking on the door of every person in the neighborhoods. We will explain in person to every single person we can find who our mayor is and why you should vote for him. We will go from neighborhood to neighborhood one after another until we have hit every house in the city. We will also mark down houses that did not answer and have people come back on another day/time to try and catch them when they might be available."

	Plan: "The best way to help someone win re-election without the use of marketing is through word-of-mouth. I would encourage my town mayor to volunteer in person for many local charities: especially charities that have a very public-facing image. Running in local 5ks for charity, helping build houses or shelters for the homeless or underprivileged, and volunteering at animal shelters are a few very public charities that would help boost my incumbent's image. Without the use of marketing, let the people of the town market the mayor themselves by photographing and sharing his/her good deeds. "

	Plan: "I would prepare a  30-second pitch that includes all of the things the mayor has done within their last term to help better the community. I would share this with other volunteers and encourage them to go door-to-door in neighborhoods and to community events to talk to other attendees. We would all be prepared to continue the conversation by answering questions and addressing concerns to promote the current mayor."

	Plan: "I would go door to door and leave a cake for every person down the block. It will contain a message written in frosting to vote for local town mayor. The cake should be small and frosted in white. "

	Plan: "I would go around taking down other peoples signs. I would try to disrupt the other peoples campaigns as much as possible so they can not get the word out."

	Plan: "Gather supporters of the town mayor. Have these supporters go door to door and explain how the mayor's actions impacted their lives and why the mayor is the best choice for the town."

	Plan: "This seems like it would be very difficult, and I think the best solution would be to use a more person to person approach. Have the mayor go door to door and meet people of the town, answer their questions, and talk about his plans if he is re-elected. He could also go to busy public spaces like parks or malls and set up a podium and talk to crowds there. As people naturally pass by they would hear him speaking and could chose wether or not to listen and participate by asking questions."

Goal: Jump over a six foot tall man, without using a trampoline or a deep hole.

	Plan: "Ask the man to lay on his side or back. Then jump over him."

	Plan: "To jump over a six foot tall man, you should both fly to the moon. There is less gravity on the moon, so you should be able to simply run and vault over your lofty partner with no trouble."

	Plan: "Have the six foot tall man lay or sit on the ground, and then be able to easily jump over him. "

	Plan: "First, I need to get a running start. I'd back up about 20 feet before sprinting. Once I was about two feet away,  would launch myself with my dominant foot and spread my legs to clear over the man's head without hitting him."

	Plan: "Set up ramps on both sides of the tall man. Using a bike, hit the ramp as fast as possible and jump over the man and onto the opposite ramp."

	Plan: "Have him lie on the ground and then take a small hop over him.  The instructions didn't say the jump needs to be over his full height."

	Plan: "Get a jet pack and put it on and it will help actually fly over the six foot man."

	Plan: "Improving my vertical jump with exercises focused on strengthening my legs (namely the thighs, shins, and ankles), improving my core strength, and improving my flexibility would be key in being able to accomplish this goal. I would need to commit to rigorous training and exercises such as burpees or squat jumps along with training to gradually jump higher onto objects from the ground. "

	Plan: "Attach long springs to your shoes and then jump really high. "

	Plan: "Easy. So what you're going to do is, go to the gym and only train legs. Once you get a great vertical jump, it will not be difficult to jump over a 6 foot tall man. Just make sure to have ample space and spread your legs for clearance. "

Goal: Keep a baby platupyus entertained, without using a ball, an aquarium, plastic fish, or a clown.

	Plan: "You can keep the baby platypus entertained by having it run around and chase you. You could also bring another toy for it to play with. You could also swim with it in a nearby pond or backyard pool. "

	Plan: "I would try to come up with an object that has lights inside of it. Every time it touches one of the lights, it will change color. It would keep going and keep the baby entertained."

	Plan: "I would try to get the platypus to chase me or if it preferred I would chase it. This of course assumes it likes to run like dogs do. If that failed maybe a round of peek a boo as a back up."

	Plan: "Find out what a platypus eats and use that to play some games with the little one."

	Plan: "My plan to keep a baby platypus entertained without any of the above criteria would be to involve food. Providing treats is a good way to keep any animals attention. If you are looking for a cognitive approach, you could create obstacles using food in order to have the platypus stay more engaged"

	Plan: "You can put the platypus in a room with a television and turn on cartoons or the animal network to see what it prefers or whether it is even interested in the television at all.  Most baby toys would be safe for a platypus, and colorful to catch its eye, if it can see in the colors you choose, although you will have to be careful not to have any spherical toys to make sure they do not count as a ball.  Moving objects would especially grab the platypus' attention, like wind-up toys or a mobile.  If the platypus is still distracted or bored, other baby platypuses can be brought in which should definitely grab its attention."

	Plan: "I would build a maze out of safe materials. I would also involve a body of water in the maze and treats as positive reinforcements."

	Plan: "Place it in a small pool and swim with it, or splash some water around it with your hand."

	Plan: "To keep a baby platupyus entertained, I would probably find a leash and give it a walk around a park or even in Walmart. We would laugh at the customers we see if they were wearing funny clothing. Some may even approach us and ask about the platupyus. I'd lie and say it's my service animal. I would let people pet the platupyus if they would like. This would be a good way to kill a few hours and would probably be entertaining for me and the aquatic mammal. "

	Plan: "I know nothing about the platupyus, but maybe try chasing it around like a dog. see if it gets excited?"

Goal: Keep the plants in your garden alive, without using water, sun, a notebook, herbicides, or an umbrella.

	Plan: "Without the sun? That's easy—UV lights. But without water? That seems impossible, unless rainwater is allowed. As far as I know, no living thing can survive without water. "

	Plan: "I would need to build a hydroponic enclosure, but I'm actually not sure if that will work without natural light and water. I think the only plants this might work for would be mushrooms? which don't need light? this one seems hard!"

	Plan: "I would buy a vitamin D lamp to mimic the attributes of the sun. Soil and fertilizer can be substituted using left over vegetables or compostables. Watermelon, tomatoes or other water heavy fruit could also provide enough moisture for the plant. To prevent herbicides, you can use vinegar. "

	Plan: "I would put a thin layer of plastic over the plants and let it be a natural green house and if needed use a lamp"

	Plan: "Make your own home-made hydroponic growing system."

	Plan: "I would use leftover fruits and eggshells and leave them around the garden so help keep them fed"

	Plan: "You would have to use a lot of fresh, constantly changed fertilizer along with artificial UV lighting indoors on a schedule in order to pull this off. "

	Plan: "You can use artificial light to grow the plants. However this will only last 2-3 weeks before the plants need water."

	Plan: "I don't believe that there is any way to keep plants alive long-term without water and sunlight. I have low maintenance plants but even they require occasional water. "

	Plan: "I would build a mini greenhouse around the garden and install it with lights, use natural fertilizers (like banana peels or compost), and then collect rainwater. "

Goal: Make a fort underwater, without using an oxygen tank, masks, swimming goggles, concrete, a miliary ship, a crane, a marine biologist, or a building engineer.

	Plan: "It doesn't say how big the fort needs to be or how deep the water. So I would use lego or other kids building blocks in a bathtub - it would still be submerged!"

	Plan: "To make a fort underwater you could start with a fort above water that is sealed so no water can get in. You then surround the fort with water. There will be a tube from the fort to the top of the water so you can breath."

	Plan: "Use rocks to build a fort. They could use a swim suit to protect the person. "

	Plan: "Firstly, you would need to pre-make the structure close to the coast before launching it underwater. Then fly it out via helicopter where it needs to be.<br /><br />To construct such an underwater base, you would need a lot of direct ventilation from the air above if there is no artificial air source. You would need powerful fans along long tubes going from the base to the surface of the water to move air in and out of the structure."

	Plan: "How are any of these goals possible? Well if it is not meant to be a solidly constructed building, we could make a kind of temp structure just by diving with the materials. People highly skilled in diving can hold their breath for several minutes, so it seems like it should be possible, as long as the location of the fort isn't too far underwater. "

	Plan: "The easiest way to do this would be to build a fort on land that can survive the drop and conditions in water. Depending on how big the fort is, you can either break it into sections and assemble in the water, or use a boat to drop the fort into the water. Since it is easier to lift heavy objects in water there may be some leniency in constructing the fort. This would also depend on how deep underwater the fort must be. "

	Plan: "I would use a plastic bubble and put a pipe through it to reach above the water"

	Plan: "make a plan in advance, using a stick and the sand. Also learning some breathing techniques would help. Gather local materials and go in with a game plan."

	Plan: "I would make my fort underwater and then use pvc pipe that emerges above the water so that I can get oxygen when I need it. "

	Plan: "make an airtight container on dry land and drop it in to the ocean. connect it to a tunnel built down into the water. "

Goal: Make a pair of new shoes, without using leather, fabric, shoe laces, canvas, a guidebook, or a cobbler.

	Plan: "Get two large leaves to act as the sole of your new shoes. If the leaves are too big for your feet, trim them by tearing the leaves. Get a few thinner, longer leaves to secure the leaves to the bottom of your feet by wrapping the thinner leaves around your foot with the bigger leaves on the soles of your feet."

	Plan: "I take two old medium sized paper back books. I cut out a few pages so they aren't crazy thick. I then duck tape them to my feet and walk on them as shoes."

	Plan: "You could make a pair of shoes using two small cardboard boxes and some tape. "

	Plan: "I would definitely use a 3d pen for this. I would draw out the way I want the shoes to look. In my imagination, the easiest shoe to build would be a flip flop. I would just connect plastic strings together until I achive the look with the 3D pen"

	Plan: "I could use a material that I have available such as plastic bags or cardboard. I could use them to make laces or straps kind of similar to a flip flop."

	Plan: "I would make the soles of my shoes by layering cork. I would use a pair of shoes that I already own as a blueprint for size and shape. Once the soles are thick enough, I would add a layer of woven plastic to the bottom to prevent water from entering the cork and to provide some traction. I would use a plant with long leaves and braid them to increase their durability. After letting the braids dry out, I would attach them to the soles that I had made previously to keep the shoes on my feet."

	Plan: "You would have to use cardboard and make you a simple pair of slippers out of that. Fold the cardboard around to make slippers and glue the cardboard down. "

	Plan: "use scissors to cut a sole out of rubber material the width and length of you foot.  cut a sock in a straight line from the top front of the ankle to the toe and lay flat over the rubber. Sew the sock into the rubber to create a footbed and cut off the excess.  Using rubber lacing, weave a strap that is long enough for to cross the shoe at the base of the toes and again at the thickest point of the foot when in the shoe.  Sew these straps into the rubber base.   "

	Plan: "My plan to reach my goal is to take other materials such as cardboard and soft plastic to create the shoe. I will build it around my foot for reference."

	Plan: "The Dutch and Japanese have been wearing wooden shoes for centuries. A cobbler isn't necessary to make a satisfactory pair of shoes when carpenters and whittlers are also available. Cork is a soft material made from the bark of the cork tree and would be a natural insole for a pair of study wooden clogs."

Goal: Order food in a restaurant, where you don't speak the native language, without using a translator app, a human translator, your fingers, or sign language.

	Plan: "You can try staring intensely at an item you want on the menu, or using your elbow to point at the things you want."

	Plan: "One method of effectively ordering food where I don't speak the native language would be to point at items or pictures on the menu. This does not require understanding the native language."

	Plan: "You could pull up pictures of the food or drinks you want on google images and show them to the waiter. "

	Plan: "First you will have to wear large mittens or boxing gloves, to make sure you do not accidentally use your fingers.  Sign language encapsulates a lot of body gestures that are not typically thought of as sign language, so movement will have to be minimal and mostly with your face.  You can sit there until a member of the wait staff comes to you, but do not respond at all to the menu and just look at the waiter or waitress.  You should have a large amount of money visible in a shirt pocket, so they know there is a potential for a large tip if they are able to help.  If they are interested enough to help you, they will work with you as best they can to understand what you want.  Once they have a vested interest, you can then get up and walk around and look at other people's meals.  When you see something you like, bend over and stare at it longingly, making sure to not make any accidental gestures that could count as hand signs.  The waiter or waitress will assume that this is what you want and will bring it out to you.  As an act of good faith, you can then put a portion of the money onto the table as an indicator that they have assumed correctly and will get to keep this or a portion of it as a tip."

	Plan: "I'd probably just go full on weird-o and grab a fork in between my elbows and use that to point at the item on the menu"

	Plan: "First, try to determine if you and the server have any other languages in common. If not, and if a dictionary doesn't count as a translator app, use a dictionary. If that's not allowed, gesture to the menu or another diner's meal with your elbow. "

	Plan: "I would have a giant pad. Then I would try to draw the objects to the best of my ability. I would do this with every food item I ordered."

	Plan: "If I didn't have a way to communicate what I wanted to order in a restaurant, I would give the server a dismissive wave, get up, go to the kitchen, put on an apron and prepare the food myself. When asked to leave, I would give them a dumbfounded look and shrug and continue. I'm pretty ascetic so whatever I make should be good enough to eat."

	Plan: "If I can assume I have a menu in front of me I would simply aim for a dish I could pronounce and know of."

	Plan: "My plan would be to use photos or imagery through the menu in order to communicate my wants or needs to the servers."

Goal: Paint a fence, without using a paint brush, paint, a pressure washer, primer, a pail, music, lemonade, or cleaning supplies.

	Plan: "Hire a painter."

	Plan: "I would call a man from Angie's list with a good rating. I would tell the man to come over and I would point at the fence, show the man the paint chip and tell him to make the fence that color only using thrown paint straight from the can."

	Plan: "Hire someone to paint for me, and be careful not to drink lemonade or listen to music during the work."

	Plan: "To paint a fence without physically painting a fence, open Windows Paint or another editing program and import a photo of a fence. Use the stylus to paint it another color. "

	Plan: "Research how to create colors using berries and plants. Create desired color. Use hands or a rag to wipe color onto fence."

	Plan: "I can make a fence stain using linseed oil and an oil-soluble dye with a color of my choice. This can be mixed in a simple spray bottle and applied to the fence and can be spread using a sponge. "

	Plan: "I would crush some flowers and fruits with water. This would create a paint like substance, using a face paint brush or makeup brush i would start to color the fence. "

	Plan: "To paint a fence without paint, you can use a wood sealant. It can add color to the fence (assuming it is a wooden fence) and does not necessarily need all those tools. Some come in the form of a spray bottle/ "

	Plan: "Water down clay into a very thin liquid, and then using my hands, apply the clay evenly to the fence.  Then using a hose, spray off the excess clay and touch up areas that did not get the clay mixture on them.  "

	Plan: "Fill a large vessel with blood, sufficient to submerge each piece of the fence inside it one by one. Take the fence apart and dip each piece in the blood to completely coat it. Prop the fence pieces up to dry such that the blood isn't smeared. Reassemble the fence."

Goal: Play baseball with your friends, without using a bat, a baseball, gloves, a field, or markers.

	Plan: "I will make a bat using an old broom sick or a small branch I i will use a SOFT ball not a baseball. I will use garbage can lids as the bases"

	Plan: "I will get a branch from a tree and make sure it is a good hitting stick. Then I will get some plastic bags. I will play baseball a different way with my friends. All you have to do is hit the bag with the stick and don't let the bag hit the floor. The one who can do this the longest wins."

	Plan: "put stones on a driveway be the markers. Get a pool noodle and a whiffle ball or something of that sort and play."

	Plan: "Imaginary baseball with friends is a great way to experience the best game of one's life without requiring any actual athletic talent. Dungeons and Dragons is a game that exists entirely in the players' heads and has captured the minds of generations- so why not role play other sports? Toss an invisible ball to your friends and let them decide if it's a home run or a strike. Have the outfielders do an extended improvisational routine by quickly responding to each others' movements to decide the outs, homeruns, and strikes. Let the umpire play the role of Dungeon Master by narrating the activity from an advantageous point-of-view to keep all players on the same page. The possibilities are as endless as the players' imaginations and don't require one to be able to hit a ball at all."

	Plan: "1) Go to home depot and buy an appropriate sized PVC pipe.<br /><br />2) Go to sports store and buy tennis balls<br /><br />3) Go to basketball court.<br /><br />4) Play baseball using the PVC pipe as a bat, tennis ball as a baseball, use basketball court as a field with the four corners representing home,1st,2nd, and 3rd base, and catch balls with your hands instead of gloves."

	Plan: "We would play in a empty parking lot of a old closed down store. We would use a tree branch as the bat and a tennis ball as the baseball. We would use towels on the ground to indicate where the bases are."

	Plan: "You could use a 2x4 piece of wood as a bat, a regular baseball for the ball, oven mitts for a glove, and just guesstimate the field layout in an empty parking lot or place with enough space to hit a ball and run around. "

	Plan: "Well then if you can't use those items it's not really baseball. I guess you could use a good stick if you could find one, your hand to catch the ball, you could play in your back yard without markers."

	Plan: "I would use a ball that was slightly larger and filled with air to make it softer. We would use a fist in place of a bat and could catch the ball with our hands, since the ball is softer. Instead of having four bases, we would run to the right for a distance and then turn back around. We could play this game in a parking lot or backyard."

	Plan: "Turn on a video game of a baseball game, gather your friends around and play. "

Goal: Protect the deer in your nearby woods during hunting season, without using signs, deer corn, deer calls, salt lick bricks, a disguise, park rangers, or animal control.

	Plan: "Go out at night and take a leash and put it on the deer. Try to take the deer home with you at night so nobody will catch you."

	Plan: "A way to achieve this goal would be to make the area in which hunters are hunting in nearby woods not an enticing place for deer to want to come to, such as spraying neon fluorescent paints on deer stands, as the bright colors will scare the deer away."

	Plan: "Help pass a law that charges a massive fine to anyone harming wildlife in the woods."

	Plan: "In order to protect the deer, ensure that there is some sort of fencing around the area so that the deer do not escape. Many times deer are attracted sounds and lights so also ensure that they are at a minimum "

	Plan: "I would invite all the hunters to a town meeting and try to convince them to stop."

	Plan: "I would post no trespassing affidavits from the county along the edge of my property and I would amass as many acorns as I could and leave them in nice piles in my yard throughout the year. During deer season I would put out an abundantly large amount attracting the deer to my property where they could not be legally hunted."

	Plan: "To protect deer in nearby woods during hunting season, I would put up a fence that only the deer could get in and out of, keeping other people away from where the deer might be.  I would also get dogs that would chase the deer further into the woods without hurting them, hopefully making them run away to an area where hunters would not go.  "

	Plan: "I could plant native bushes or shrubs along paths that may inhibit hunters from accessing favored points for hunting. I could also disable hunting spots like tree stands by spraying them with fluorescent paint or even dismantling them on weekdays when hunters are not around. "

	Plan: "I would install a windmill that activates a sort of clapping/banging machine to make loud noises any time the car drove by or the wind blew relatively strongly.  By the same token, I could mount a loud siren or horn and set it to play at erratic intervals to scare deer away."

	Plan: "Cordon off the woods with a massive fence to keep people from disturbing the deer. "

Goal: Put out a fire that started near the wires from your TV, without using a fire extinguisher, water, or a phone.

	Plan: "In movies I have seen people put out fires by covering it with a towel or a sheet and stomping on it. I've also seen people put out fires with dirt, so I would probably try that. "

	Plan: "I would place a large cloth over it and stomp on it until it slowly goes down. "

	Plan: "Trying to smother the flame is your best bet in most situations. You can use a dry towel to pat the flame if you are quick enough and the fire is small enough. Whatever you do, do not fan the flame."

	Plan: "This is a tough one. The only thing I can think of is to use sand or dirt to put out the fire."

	Plan: "I will find clothes, sacks or other fabric materials and use those to quench the flames. "

	Plan: "My first move would be to evaluate the size of the fire. If it's small I'd try to smother it. If not, I'd immediately evacuate and alert my neighbors so that they could call the fire department."

	Plan: "I would turn off the electric power and then smother the fire with a blanket or towel"

	Plan: "Grab a ton of sand or baking soda and dump it on the fire ASAP."

	Plan: "place a thick blanket over top to prevent oxygen from reaching the fire and pat. "

	Plan: "Smother it with a fireproof blanket, or any blanket if it's small enough. "

Goal: Remove plaque from the teeth of a lion, without using a tranquilizer, meat, a sleeping drug, or animal specialists.

	Plan: "They make treats for dogs that brush their teeth as they chew which will remove the plaque. I would simply throw a few of a flavor the lion likes to him to chew on to get rid of that nasty plaque."

	Plan: "There is dog food that is designed to remove the plaque from their teeth through the process of chewing it, which can be used in much the same way.  Since we cannot use meat and this likely contains meat, we will have to request from the company that we get a special vegetarian option sent to us, likely made with beans so it still has protein, and artificial meat flavoring.  We can then set the special food out in their regular feeding area and let the lions do all the work for us."

	Plan: "Ideally, you would want to train the lion to be still and follow instructions, but this would require you to build trust with the lion. If this is not feasible, you might have to hold the lion in place, perhaps with rope or something that can support the weight of a lion, to keep it in place. For example, wrapping a collar around the lion's neck that you can attach to a pole to make sure its head doesn't go beyond the length you set."

	Plan: "My plan would be to somehow incorporate an activity in where you can have the lion's mouth stay open. For example, you could bribe the lion with small treats (not meat) and have them open their mouth. Each time their mouth opens, you remove a bit of plaque and then toss a small treat for them. That will teach them that if they open their mouth they will be rewarded with a treat"

	Plan: "I would hire a dentist to remove the lion's teeth and once they were removed, I would just scrape the plaque off of them with my fingernails and put them in a bag and toss them back to the lion."

	Plan: "Buy and use dental treats meant for dogs or cats."

	Plan: "I would feed the lion vegetables that assist in removing plaque from the teeth. This includes spinach and carrots."

	Plan: "Research as much as possible about how to befriend a lion, then spend as much time as possible with said lion before actually attempting to remove the plaque."

	Plan: "First I would try to calm the animal by letting it play with an object for a while. Once it is somewhat tired I would give it a bone like snack to chew on but it would be hard and last long enough for him to really chew it. As it breaks apart it would go in between his teeth and remove the plaque."

	Plan: "You could befriend the lioon over the course of weeks or months, building trust between you two. Once you build  the trust, and are able to touch its face without angering it, you can remove plaque gently using tools that are not too sharp. Start slowly and only a little at a time as to not upset the lion."

Goal: Steal the championship trophy from behind your school's award case, without using a hammer, a sledgehammer, a mask, spray foam, a backpack, a large bag, or another person.

	Plan: "I will wear a hoody with the hood on and a pair of dark sunglasses in order to hide my face. I will first cause a distraction  somewhere else is the school to draw a large amount of attention away from the trophy. I will set off some fireworks in the bathroom using a delayed fuse so I am far away at the trophy to cause the  distraction. After the diversion has been set off I will throw a brick into the display case, grab the trophy and run out of the building with it and hop on to a bike that is waiting for me to make my escape."

	Plan: "I would find the key to the award case and use that to open the glass doors. I would do it during normal hours to avoid attention. I would also behave confidently and walk with a purpose so that others would not question my actions. <br />"

	Plan: "It's been said that wearing a hard hat and a reflective vest can get you into almost anywhere. Find the oldest-looking student at the school and outfit him with official-looking handyman gear. Send him into the school and have him begin moving the trophy case under the guise of responding to a potential water leak near the case. While appearing to work around the area, he can easily steal the trophy and replace it with a cheaper version. His equipment bag will be more than satisfactory to smuggle the trophy out without raising suspicion. "

	Plan: "I would try to become an office assistant and find out where the keys to the award case are. Then I would pretend like I am cleaning the trophies and take the one i wanted out. I would casually walk out of the building with it and bring it to my car. If anyone asked what i was doing i could say i am taking it out into the sunlight to see how clean it is."

	Plan: "You could make friends with the person who controls the key to the case. Then ask them to let you borrow the key. "

	Plan: "Get friendly with maintenance/whoever had the key to the case. Subtly find out where they keep the key to the case. Obtain the key when the person is not looking. Steal the trophy."

	Plan: "1) Buy glass breaker emergency tool either online or in store at maybe a military surplus store<br /><br />2) Buy Niacin from a health store<br /><br />3) Gain entry to school award case by posing an a student<br /><br />4) Take a bunch of Niacin so you turn red<br /><br />5) Break award case with glass breaker and run<br /><br />6) Go home and cut your hair. By this time the Niacin should wear off and hopefully no one recognizes you because you are no longer red and have shorter hair. "

	Plan: "You will go at night when everything is closed and pick the locks with your lockpicks. You will smash the case with your fist and grab the championship trophy and make a run for it out of the facility. "

	Plan: "I imagine the trophy would be in a locked glass case. You can use a lock pick to unlock the case and use the cover of night to carry out the heist. You could paint your face in camouflage or black instead of using a mask, and use a blanket to wrap up the trophy and carry it to your car. You may want to be aware of any night guards or security cameras and plan your escape route ahead of time."

	Plan: "Learn to pick locks by watching online videos. Also be aware of the trash pickup schedule at the school.  Pull the fire alarm to evacuate the building, pick the lock to the case, and escape by putting the trophy in a dumpster and return to pick up after hours when you will not be seen."

Goal: Stop your canoe from falling down the waterfall, without using a paddle, a rock, or a rope.

	Plan: "I would use my hands and grab a rock and hold it as long as I could to prevent my canoe from falling down the waterfall. When all hope is lost, I would jump ship and give the canoe a memorial the next day where we hire a trumpet players to play Taps."

	Plan: "If your canoe is near the shore, try to grab onto something like a branch or bush. If you can't reach anything and the canoe is moving at a reasonably slow speed, put one leg over the side of the canoe and try to wedge your foot against something underwater to stop the canoe. "

	Plan: "I would attempt to use nature to steer the canoe from falling down the waterfall, like grabbing onto tree branches."

	Plan: "If possible, you can try maneuvering the boat with your body weight to try and get it near land, so that you can get out the canoe and hold the canoe in place to try and hoist it out the water. If this doesn't work, the riskier plan is to go into the water and push the canoe to land, so that you can get to land and hoist the canoe that way."

	Plan: "On the bottom of the canoe I would attach a long stick like object. I would have it attached to a lever that before falling over I could release it and have the stick object dig into the top of the dirt in the water."

	Plan: "I'm a big guy, so I would use my body weight and pretend my arm is a paddle"

	Plan: "Assuming the canoe is already in the water, you could use a pocketknife to cut a hole in the bottom, sinking the canoe.  If you bring along scuba gear, you can then walk or crawl along the bottom of the river to the shore to minimize your odds of getting carried away by the current."

	Plan: "If I could get a head wind strong enough, I could use a blanket as a parachute to propel be away from the waterfall."

	Plan: "My plan would be to try and control the canoe in a manner that would change our route and have us near enough to land so that we could jump off"

	Plan: "You could jump out of the canoe and hope that you can reach the bottom, and hold the canoe and swim or walk with it away from the waterfall. You wouldneed to be  strong swimmer to swim while dragging the canoe but hopefully you could touch the bottom and walk instead."

Goal: Take your dog for a walk, without using a leash, a collar, plastic bags, water, socks, shoes, or athleisure.

	Plan: "Get dressed in the most comfortable clothes as possible, without them being athleisure. Have you and your dog drink some water before you leave. If your dog is well trained, instruct them to walk by your side, if not hold them gently by their scruff or carry them to a more controlled area. Walk to the nearest place that has grass or a comfortable concrete that will not hurt your feet."

	Plan: "1) Take your dogs on normal walks with a leash<br /><br />2) Make sure your dog poos before going on a walk, adjust meal times to make this easier.<br /><br />2) Slowly introduce taking the leash off the dog every walk briefly. When you take leash off dog, take your shoes off as well. If dog strays from you, put it back on the leash and put your shoes back on.<br /><br />3) Once dog is trained to walk alongside you without  running away or chasing other dogs / people, start waling you dog without a leash entirely. By this time your feet should be used to walking without shoes/socks."

	Plan: "place dog on back end of treadmill at 0 speed and place treats on the front end so he will have to walk to get them.  Repeat several times.  Slowly repeat with increasing speed.  0.5mph, 1mph, 1.5mph until dog is understanding the concept.  Then set the treadmill speed of choice with the dog and sit on the floor in front of the treadmill and feed occasional treats to keep the dog interested<br />"

	Plan: "I would definitely get online and buy this dog a stroller. I know there are some places that do not allow you to walk a dog without a leash. If I can get the dog a cart with wheels then we can take him out."

	Plan: "From your house, walk your dog around the living room, hallway, and each room. Reward him with a treat at the end of the walk to show a job well done."

	Plan: "You will be taking your dog for a walk inside an enclosed fenced off area so he can walk free and not get loose and you can walk freely as well. You can go barefoot as well. Usually this would entail being in your backyard but it could be at a park."

	Plan: "Just take off walking with your dog in your arms. That will be easier on you if you happen to have a small dog."

	Plan: "Take your dog to a place where they can safely be off leash, such as the beach or a very large park or trail. Only do this if your dog is well behaved off leash. Don't let them run around for more than 30 minutes especially if it's warm out because then they will need water. And a beach is best because you don't need socks or shoes at the beach. If they go #2 use a small shovel or sticks and dig a deep hole to bury their waste in."

	Plan: "Take the dog for a walk in the back yard. If you don't have a fenced in backyard, walk the dog around the house"

	Plan: "I will take my dogs favorite treats with me. I will then use the treats to make the dog follow me around everywhere occasionally giving him one to keep him following me. I will make sure to only walk him on concrete so that I do not need to wear socks or shoes."
