Generated Plans per Goal

Goal: Bake a cake.

	Plan: "Figure out what kind of cake to bake. Buy supplies, read directions, and bake."

	Plan: "I'd get a bowl, put my butter, sugar and flour and use my spatula to stir the mixture to get the desired outcome. Then I pout in a pan, ready to put in the oven for baking."

	Plan: "I would first find a recipe for the cake I would like to bake, and then ensure that I have all the ingredients necessary. I would then preheat the oven, and mix the ingredients as instructed.  When the oven is up to temperature, I would bake the cake for the instructed amount of time. After the cake is baked, I would let it cool, after which I would frost it and then serve it."

	Plan: "Decide on what type of cake to bake. Review several different recipes for that type. Choose one that seems best. Make and Bake it."

	Plan: "Preheat the oven and get supplies. Next mix everything together. Then grease your pan and pour your mix in. Lastly you will place it in the oven for thirty minutes, let it cool and enjoy. "

	Plan: "The first step of baking a cake is deciding what type of cake. There are plenty of pre made boxes at your local grocery store with a galore a flavors and icings to choose from to complement your desired cake mix. Make sure to pick up some sprinkles or candles if its a birthday cake! Once you make it home from the store, you will read the directions on the back of the box and preheat your oven to the designated temperature. Next you will grab a good size bowl and mix the ingredients together, making sure there are no lumps. Next you will pour into a coated/nonstick pan and bake until your desired consistency is achieved. After it cools, removed the cake from the pan and decorate to your choosing! Enjoy!"

	Plan: "In order to bake a cake, first, you need to select a recipe for the cake you wish to make. After selecting your recipe, make a list of required ingredients. Gather your ingredients and tools such as measuring cups and spoons, scales if using, baking pan and paper etc. Follow the steps in the recipe to prepare your cake batter. Bake the cake in your prepared oven. Take a picture of your cake to remember the moment!"

	Plan: "Look for the best recipe online. Go to your local grocery store and buy ingredients. Follow the recipe step by step to produce your desired cake."

	Plan: "Get an easy bake cake mix, then follow the instruction on the package before putting the concoction into the oven and baking it."

	Plan: "Gather supplies needed (cake mix, pan, cooking spray, etc.). Preheat the oven, spray pan, create the batter, add batter to pan, put pan in oven and set timer.  "

Goal: Build a bookshelf.

	Plan: "I will get planks, nails and gum to construct it."

	Plan: "One of the first steps in how to build a bookshelf is choosing the wood. The type of plywood you pick affects the price, weight and durability of your finished product. Pine, birch and oak are three common woods used for building homemade bookshelves."

	Plan: "To build a bookshelf, you need the materials to build the bookshelf, the tools to construct it and keep it together, and a plan or blueprint to assemble it. Firstly, you would need to generate a blueprint for the bookshelf's design, including the dimensions of the materials and how much of each material you would need. Then, you would need to go to a hardware store to gather materials, such as a hammer and nails and wood or whatever material you are using to create the bookshelf."

	Plan: "Find a blueprint or a youtube video, obtain the wood and tools and follow along"

	Plan: "I would research how to build a bookshelf.  then I would buy supplies.  Then I would give up and hire someone to do it for me."

	Plan: "First, I will aquire two long boards and four short boards of wood. Then, I will measure and cut them to appropriate, equal lengths. I will then simply hammer several nails to bring it all together."

	Plan: "Purchase different books and separate them for better identification"

	Plan: "Get a carpenter"

	Plan: "Search the internet for a do it yourself guild on how to build a chef and follow the steps highlighted "

	Plan: "lay out all of the pieces and make sure you have all of the tools ready. start from wherever the instructions tell you to. if there's no instructions, look it up on youtube"

Goal: Build a float to dazzle the crowd at the Macy's Day Parade.

	Plan: "Hire a team of 1000 people to work on the float with you. Brainstorm a well-known mascot of a cartoon to construct, then figure out how to construct plastic together to form the mascot's distinct shape. After that, you and your people get to work, and use a bunch of balloon inflaters to blow it up. Then, you make a stunt team out of the most athletic of your troupe and dazzle the crowd at the Macy's Day Parade."

	Plan: "Draw out the idea, run it by others. Have a lot of money to bring the idea to life. Spend a year planning and building the float with a crew hired to help."

	Plan: "Start drafting ideas. Then hire a freelance designer to help bring your creation to life."

	Plan: "First, I would sketch out the plan for the float on paper, until I get the design that I am happy with.  Then I would figure out what supplies are needed to be able to create the design.  I would purchase the supplies, and then work to assemble the float according to the sketches.  I would also likely have to gather a team to help me with this task, so that I can have various opinions and and different skill sets to assist me with this."

	Plan: "Procure a flat bed trailer, this will be the base of the float.<br />Decide on the theme of your float. Make a sketch of what the finished product will look like, taking special note of what materials you will use for each part of the float.<br />Recruit a few friends to help make the float.<br />Start to build the float using your gathered materials.<br />Don't forget to add a celebrity to ride on your float, Marvel superheroes are very in right now so try to grab Scarlett Johansen.<br />Enjoy the parade!"

	Plan: "First you will need to decide on what theme for your float. Second you will need to buy all of your supplies. Thirdly you will need to build your float. Lastly buy supplies to throw off of the float and enjoy. "

	Plan: "I would probably get my New Orleans friends to help me with this because I don't know much about parades, and it would be ideal to have a team, anyways. We would have to custom build the frame of the float, decide on a theme. Speaking of friends, I could contact another person I know who used to do fire and flow shows and the float could be designed in a way that allowed them to perform live. "

	Plan: "Get the needed backing and sponsorship and education regarding building a float. Assemble a team and build it.<br />"

	Plan: "I'd have to try out my ideas with that of my colleagues, then we'd purchase materials and secure a location for building the float."

	Plan: "This is a huge opportunity for the right person, assuming it is you, you will want to plan this float out from start to finish. What will be the base of the float? How it will it be propelled? What emotion do you want to portray? There are many things to take into account other than the looks. Safety is a major concern too. How will you properly ensure the float riders' safety? Be sure to have plenty of room for them to be spread apart. Be sure to build your float from the bottom up"

Goal: Clean the dirty dishes.

	Plan: "I would first separate the dishes by type and then separate what needs to be hand washed and what can go in the dishwasher. I would then load the dishwasher top first and bottom next, put in the cleaning tab and start it. Then I would hand wash any other dishes in the in the sink and put them on the drying rack. "

	Plan: "First I would stack all the dish u on one side then i would clean the sink out with bleach. Then I will run the water ass soap and bleach to the water. then I would put the dishes back inside the water and i would get the sponge and wash all the dish and put the on the other side and then rinse them and put them in the dry rake."

	Plan: "scrape them, place them in warm soapy water and scrub, then place in tub of cool water for 30+ seconds, then place into a sink full of water and sanitizer for a few minutes. air dry."

	Plan: "Cleaning dirty dishes requires a great sponge, water, dish soap, a towel and some muscles.  First rinse off as much of the debris as possible.  Then scrub with a the sponge that has dish soap on it.  Rinse all of the soap off, dry with a towel and place it in a dish rack to completely dry."

	Plan: "making sure there is enough water<br />making sure there is enough detergent <br />wash properly<br />dry off the water from the dishes <br />place the dishes in the right place"

	Plan: "To clean the dirty dishes you will need warm water, liquid soap, and a sponge or cloth. Once you have obtained these items you can begin to clean the dishes carefully before setting them out to dry. "

	Plan: "First, you should gather the dishes, then rinse them, then put them in the dishwasher. "

	Plan: "To clean my dirty dishes, first I will need to rinse them. Then, I will scrub them with soap and rinse with water. Finally, I will dry with a hand towel and put them back in the cabinets."

	Plan: "I set the dishes aside then I proceed to wash them"

	Plan: "wash all dirty dishes"

Goal: Cool down in a record-breaking heat wave.

	Plan: "I'm going to cool down a record by doing my best in the the activity"

	Plan: "Gotta start with ice cubes. Hopefully I'll have planned ahead and have either turned on the ice machine or filled up trays and stuck them in the freezer. I will plug in my air conditioner, turn it to max (or as low as it will go temp-wise), close the windows to retain the chilled air, fill up my Klean Kanteen with those ice cubes and fresh water, take a cold shower, then sit in the air-conditioned room."

	Plan: "Make sure to stock up on ice and to keep a good cooler and a deep freezer. To always stay hydrated. Stock up on bottled water."

	Plan: "First, I would stay hydrated by drinking water. Then I would find somewhere to swim. I would bring along shade and extra water for drinking. I would swim during the late afternoon to cool my body during the hottest part of the day. "

	Plan: "1) stay inside, turn on air conditioning if possible<br />2) use fans or go downstairs where it is warmer<br />3) eat cold foods such as ice cream, popsicles, cold water, etc."

	Plan: "To cool down in a heat wave, you would need to seek shelter in some place, at a house, or some area that would have air conditioning or a fan of some sort. You need to drink a lot of water as well to stay hydrated. Potentially, you could also go to a beach or large body of water to swim and cool down that way."

	Plan: "Go inside where it is cooler. If air-conditioning is available take advantage of that. Regardless, wear light-weight, breathable clothing. Try to move or be active as little as possible. Have ice or cold water nearby to place on the back of your neck or inside of wrists. Also drink plenty of water to prevent dehydration. "

	Plan: "If you have air conditioning in the house or car turn it on when you are in the house or car. If no air conditioning, turn on fans to blow directly on your body. If there are no fans, put washcloths dipped in cold water on your neck, forehead, wrists, groin areas. Or fill a bathtub with lukewarm water and climb in."

	Plan: "Constantly eat food that helps me cool off and staying hydrated."

	Plan: "I drink ice cold water, eat ice cream or I splash cold water to my face.I would use cool water on a rag and then I put it at the back of my neck."

Goal: Create a safe landing for a falling skydiver.

	Plan: "My plan to create a safe landing for a falling skydiver involves taking careful steps to make sure the skydiver is properly prepared. This would involve checking both the primary parachute and the secondary reserve parachute for any issues that may impact their function. Ensuring that both of the parachutes work will create a safe landing due to the items working correctly.  "

	Plan: "A falling skydiver needs to have a soft landing in open land.  I would survey the area the skydiver was falling and place a large blown up safety pad for them to fall on under them in a uncluttered area.  One like the firefighters use when people have to jump out of burning buildings."

	Plan: "To create a safe landing for a skydiver, I will clear the ground under where we are planning to let them land. I will set stakes in the ground with bright-colored flags to ensure no one will enter the area."

	Plan: "My plan is to first have the skydiver complete training on how to skydive. Then I would make sure the skydiver had two parachutes, in case one malfunctions. I would also make sure there was an approximate landing are with no dangerous structures anywhere near it. "

	Plan: "I have not words for this. "

	Plan: "I would glind the skydiver to a safe area where it would be safe to land. I would makes sure that they would have a safe landing."

	Plan: "Take a deep breath. Take a deeper breath. Take an even deeper breath. Continue to do this until you have inflated yourself to the size of a large house. Stand under the falling skydiver. "

	Plan: "have 4+drones on standbyto fly an outstretched net up toward skydiver, meet their speed and allow them to land in the net, then slowly lowering to safety"

	Plan: "Use a parachute and pull the rip cord at the right height."

	Plan: "I try to determine the exact location the diver will land and put a life net there."

Goal: Cut down a tree.

	Plan: "My plan is to get a chainsaw "

	Plan: "My plan is to simply get a chain saw and an axe, select the appropriate tree with adequate permission and extensive helping hand to do the job."

	Plan: "I will go to in a nearest forest to cut down a tree."

	Plan: "get a chainsaw. make sure you do research on where/how to cut a tree because sometimes branches /trees can fall in a different direction than you think. yell TIMBER so everyone nearby knows. carefully saw it across the correct area."

	Plan: "Exercise the upper body to build the strength, purchase an axe, learn about safety procedures"

	Plan: "I will get a chainsaw and a lorry to move it from the forest."

	Plan: "Make sure I have the right tools. carefully cut it down so it does not hit anyone or anything"

	Plan: "First, you would have to make sure you have the tools necessary to cut down the tree as well as the strength to cut down the tree if need be. There are many different tools you could use to cut down a tree, and you would need the money to buy them if you don't have them already; therefore, you would need to save money or work to buy the tools you need, and also exercise your upper body/core/whatever is necessary to be able to cut down that tree."

	Plan: "I would find a tree and purchase a saw.   I would clear the area around the tree. "

	Plan: "First, I will make sure that I have access to a safe, efficient chainsaw. Then, I will make sure I have all the necessary safety gear. Next, I will cut with proper protocols."

Goal: Decorate the world's largest Christmas tree.

	Plan: "I will buy a Christmas tree<br />Then shop for different kinds of decorative packs, after buying this items. I'll employ people who will assist with the decorations "

	Plan: "make a plan of where you want certain ornaments to go before you start decorating, so it doesn't look messy. i like to hang certain groups of ornaments at time, like all the balls together and then the handmade ones after. tree topper is last of course."

	Plan: "I would first look for the record of the current worlds largest christmas tree.  I would find out where it is and how large it is.  I would try to find either that tree or if no longer exists,  a comparable tree.  I would then begin shopping for decorations and a ladder."

	Plan: "Chop down a very tall Christmas tree, then decorate it with lights."

	Plan: "Buy a large Christmas tree and add some  Christmas tree lights and decorations"

	Plan: "Decorate a grown live tree using ladder"

	Plan: "make a large christmas tree outside of my house by gathering all the ingredients"

	Plan: "The plan would basically be to partner with a Not-for profit organization that focuses on creating awareness for environmental issues.The idea will then be sold to them that the greatest awareness that can be created would be to create a green revolution symbol using the statue of liberty. This will be achieved by adoring the statue with manufactured leaves an lighting during Christmas to form a giant Christmas tree and the symbol for Green awareness."

	Plan: "Find the world's largest christmas tree, purchase decorations and a big ladder<br />"

	Plan: "I would first assemble a team of people who are not afraid of heights. Next, I would make sure we have access to cranes that can extend as far as needed. We would systematically tackle the decorating together by getting all the necessary lights, ornaments, garland, etc."

Goal: Escape from inside a locked custodial closet.

	Plan: "If you have a phone, turn on the flashlight and put it on the lowest level to save battery power. Look for tools like a screwdriver to dismantle the door knob."

	Plan: "My first plan would be to bang on the door loudly, and make as much noise as I could, in the hopes that someone would be able to hear me and unlock the door for me.  If that did not work, I would explore my surroundings to see if I can find something that will help me to break down the door."

	Plan: "Bang really loud if someone passes by, if you have no luck with that. Try using objects in said room to break the door. If that doesn’t work try picking the lock. If all else falls look for a vent in the ceiling and crawl through the ducks. "

	Plan: "Make a lot of noise yelling and banging to get help. If that fails try to break your way out."

	Plan: "Take a deep breath.<br />Find something you can use for leverage, a mop handle or scrap wood will work great.<br />Take what you have found and wedge it between the door and the door casing, closer to the handle the better.<br />Put your feet on the walls to allow yourself to use full bosy strength on the lever and pull, pull pull. Use the adreline rush to pull until the door finally pops open.<br />Alternate plan, slide a note under the door asking for someone walking by to open the door."

	Plan: "1. I suggest calling for help, if you have your phone.<br />2. Shout for help<br />3. Bang on the door<br />4. Use a heavy object to break the door/lock"

	Plan: "Bang on the door to try and get the nearest person's attention. Tell them to get help. If not, get help yourself by pulling out your cell phone and calling 911. After awhile, cops should come and free you from the closet. If they don't then try lockpicking. If you don't know how to lockpick, try to find a screwdriver inside of the closet and unscrew the handle."

	Plan: "Calm down. Take a deep breathe and look at your surroundings. Assuming you are the custodian, do you have a key? If not, do you have a phone with service? Google and call the business you are at and have them unlock the door. You are now free. "

	Plan: "Call someone if you have a phone. If not, look for a vent/possible opening in the closet. If that is not an option, look for an item inside the closet to possibly break the door/handle/lock or bang on the door in hopes someone hears to unlock the door. "

	Plan: "I'd wait study how the locks are and I'd ensure there's a sharp object I can use to pick the lock, then wait for the guard to take a walk before picking the lock and crawling my way out."

Goal: Escape quicksand.

	Plan: "Be calm and be still. Call out for help from others. "

	Plan: "If in an area known to have quicksand inform yourself as to how to avoid it. Educate yoourself on ways to escape it should you fall into it."

	Plan: "1. Reach for a branch<br />2. Do not struggle too much, everyone knows struggles makes you sink faster.<br />3. Call for help<br />4. pull yourself out if you can"

	Plan: "Lie on your back in order to float, and try to find something to grab onto so you can pull yourself out. If not, then kick slowly to propel yourself out of the quicksand."

	Plan: "I would first throw whatever I was carrying onto solid land, and slowly move towards a branch or something I could use to pull myself out with, keeping my hands up the whole time."

	Plan: "As I don't know how to escape quicksand, I would try to stay as calm as possible, because I feel like struggling or panicking would only make it worse.  I would slowly try to pull myself out, or call for help, in the hopes that someone nearby me would be able to assist me."

	Plan: "Lean back to prevent sinking<br />Stay calm<br />Pull yourself out"

	Plan: "First, take a deep breath and relax. This is a trip to the spa and the gym all wrapped in one experience. <br />Find something you can grab a hold of, branch or vines work great in the movies.<br />Pull yourself up slowly, this isn't a race. Pull and rest. Pull and rest.<br />Before you know it you will be out of the quicksand with new arm strength and exfoliated skin."

	Plan: "If you aren’t alone, don’t panic it’ll only make it worse. Be still and reach your arms up while the person you are with gets a branch and pulls you out. "

	Plan: "Relax and spread you body out to increase surface area. Look for something to grab on to that's outside the sand area and slowly pull yourself out."

Goal: Find out how many sharks live in a cove off a nearby coast.

	Plan: "I would contact the marine biologist that are surveying the cove that the sharks are living in and ask them how many sharks are living in the cove. The Coast Guard would also have experts that survey the cove in order to keep people safe from shark attacks.  I would contact them as well to see what information they have on the sharks in the cove. "

	Plan: "firstly,ensure that you evacuate any people living around such area<br />secondly,call on the agency who are responsible for wildlife organisms <br />thirdly,set out or demarcate such area with red lines<br />fourthly,hang notice board with inscription of danger zone."

	Plan: "Get a submarine and go into the cove"

	Plan: "by analyzing environmental DNA (eDNA) and its fragment in the nearby coast"

	Plan: "place a large piece of bait just outside the cove and obsever results from underwater camera"

	Plan: "Google the answer."

	Plan: "Download the shark app on a smart phone, and search the coast you are looking at to see how many tagged sharks are in the cove. Or you can find a local aquarium and ask to speak to a marine biologist and ask for help in finding out the approximate amount that live in a cove off the coast. <br />"

	Plan: "The best course of action to determine how many sharks live in a cove would be to first set up a stationary camera underwater. It would be necessary to have the camera record for a longer period of time to make sure there is enough time to gain an accurate count of the sharks. If you allow the camera to run for 72 hours, you can then review the footage and count the sharks carefully while taking extra care to not count the same sharks twice."

	Plan: "I would start off by researching about sharks living in the cover off the coast. And then i would find out how any by that research."

	Plan: "To find out how many sharks are in a cove, I will work with marine biologists to tag a number of sharks according to their protocols. Then we can assess their patterns and use statistics to determine the total number of sharks living in the cove."

Goal: Fix a flat tire.

	Plan: "To fix a flat tire, I will pull over to the side of the road safely with my hazard lights on. I will then get out my jack, jackstand, tire iron, and spare tire. I will put my jackstand under the car and use the jack to lift the car up to the desired height. I will then use the tire iron to loosen the lugnuts. Then I will use the jack to lift the car the rest of the way and make sure the jackstand is secure as well. I will loosen the lugnuts the rest of the way and remove the tire. Then I will replace it with the spare tire. After that I will tighten the lugnuts all the way in a star pattern. Then I will lower the tire using the jack, removing the jackstand. I will put all my tools away. I will then take the tire to a shop which will assess the tire and determine if it can safely be patched or will need to be replaced."

	Plan: "Park the Vehicle<br />Brace the Tires<br />Identify Spare Tire and Jack<br />Position the Jack and Jack up the Car<br />Remove Hubcaps and Loosen Lug Nuts<br />Remove the flat Tire and Attach the Spare Tire<br />And Lastly Tighten the Lug Nuts"

	Plan: "jack up the car next to the appropriate tire, unscrew the bolts, remove tire and replace it with spare, screw in all of the bolts, release the jack"

	Plan: "Get spare out of trunk, jack up car, replace tire, let car off of jack."

	Plan: "There are several ways to fix a flat tire.  If it's a nail in it you can have it patched up and air put in it.  If it is a quick repair you can put fix a flat in it and they sale it at any auto body shop.  If it is a complete blowout, you have to put a spare tire and buy a new one to replace the damaged tire."

	Plan: "The first thing I would do is find out where the tire is flat at. After I would lift the car up so that i can get the tired off. Then I would take tire off. Then I will locate the spare tire. I will put the spare tire on the car and then I would put the swrew back on the tire and then I would put the car back down and i can go"

	Plan: "bring your flat tire to a car mechanic and ask them to fix the flat tire. If the flat tire is attached to a car, then call a tow to bring your car to a local car mechanic to fix the flat. DO NOT drive on a flat tire to a car mechanic. "

	Plan: "Lay out your tools. Jack up the car. Get the bolts off. Put the tire back on. Replace the bolts. Remove the jack. THen call your dad and make sure you didn't mess up. "

	Plan: "My plan would be to pull over to a safe spot off the road and call my dad or my husband."

	Plan: "ensure there is vulcanizing tools available <br />availability of  spare Tyre <br />loose the flat Tyre completely<br />replace with the spare <br />and finally gauge the pressure of the spare"

Goal: Get your sofa onto the roof of your house.

	Plan: "To get a sofa onto the roof of the house, there could be several options to achieve this task. This would depend on tall the house was. This could require different machinery as well. I am not too familiar with equipment like that, but something like a crane or something similar to lift heavy objects could be useful. This would require also at least someone to operate the machine. If the house is shorter, potentially a sturdy ladder and a few people who are capable of carrying the couch could do."

	Plan: "First you should determine how many people you will need. This will depend on how tall the house is and how big the couch is. Getting the couch onto the roof will likely require someone on top of the roof as well. If the roof cannot be accessed without a ladder one should be gotten. The couch should be covered to prevent damage. The parties involved should use a type of strap that allows leverage to hoist the couch up. The couch should be pulled up and also guided to not damage anything. "

	Plan: "this will not be easy to be honest but the i will build a stairs to the roof of the house from which i will gather men together with myself and then we all pull or push the sofa to the roof"

	Plan: "You will need a way to climb up onto the roof. Is there a stairway to the roof? You may need to rent a Genie lift large enough to carry the sofa. You will need at least one other person to help you lift and carry the sofa.<br />Trying to use ladders would be a dangerous way to get to the roof. I fell off a ladder once and injured myself. I do Not recommend using ladders."

	Plan: "The easiest way would be a crane but it would be costly."

	Plan: "Need a pulley system. Moving furniture is no joke. I'll take off the screens and windows and pass the sofa through the opening. I've measured, it's large enough. The most important step is setting up the pulley on the roof. The pulley needs to be securely fastened to a fixed structure, or attached to a rig that is satisfactorily counterweighted down. then I'll need one extra guy to guide it through the window opening while I pull the rope, and then to guide it onto the roof when it's been sufficiently hoisted."

	Plan: "I get a ladder and some persons climb up while others are down and a rope is attached to the sofa to drag it up."

	Plan: "1: download Taskrabbit and setup an account.<br />2: describe your goal in a call for taskers.<br />3: let a stranger into your house to help you move your couch.<br />4: invite your new friend to stay a while at the couch's new location with a refreshing drink, maybe? Politely laugh it off when he declines."

	Plan: "1) cover the sofa in a protective layer, such as plastic<br />2) move sofa to the outside of the house<br />3) have someone climb onto the roof using a ladder<br />4) using that same ladder, move the sofa, with the help of the person on the roof, onto the roof"

	Plan: "I'm gonna call someone to fix my sofa onto the roof of my house very soon"

Goal: Help your local town mayor win re-election.

	Plan: "Give the mayor's campaign committee a donation, up to the maximum permissible amount. get a yard sign and put it in your front yard, in view of passers-by (the bigger the sign, the better). Engage in fisticuffs with neighbors who disagree with you politically."

	Plan: "I go to an organization that helps the re-election and I ask what can I do. It usually is going to door to door or going to the side of the side with signs. I would go on my social media and post my support for my mayor."

	Plan: "First understand the current polling situation. The best course of action regardless is to join their campaign and get involved on the ground. This will likely include door-to-door canvasing and spreading the goals of the mayor. "

	Plan: "Vote for him in the coming election and go out to mobilise voters and supporters for his re-election."

	Plan: "well with this we have to first solicit for advice from the locals as to their needs and wants and also do a feasibilty assesment to check whether or not they will vote for the major in the next election and also we would present to them the work in which we have done so far if its good most importantly show the the projects we would like to further and put into action once re-elected. further more also provide soft loads and try to create employment opportunity for the the town folks "

	Plan: "Market research: what are the demographics? How do these people vote? What issues are important to them? Who are you running against? Already won an election, so the populace knows your guy. What worked in first term? What were people mad about? Cut talk of policies they didn't like, hammer the ones they did. Be everywhere: sporting events, fundraisers, local chamber of commerce, small businesses. Push our message, don't let the newspapers drive the narrative. Get all over social media. Where is your main opponent weak? Hammer that."

	Plan: "First, look into the needs of the people in the area to find out what can be improved upon. Then I would research how other towns have successfully solved similar problems. I would present this to the mayor to strategize for the campaign. Finally, I would make sure the mayor has plenty of face-time with their constituents so they find them relatable and trustworthy."

	Plan: "Speak with Mayor's campaign staff to find out what kind of help they are requesting.<br />They may ask you to contribute money, put up yard signs, attend rallys, call townspeople on phone to encourage them to vote. Speak to your friends and neighbors. Tell them why you think the Mayor is good for your town."

	Plan: "To help your local town mayor win re-election, potentially you could contact their campaign and ask if there is anything you could help with or ways to advocate for their campaign. You could go from house to house in your neighborhood to share with people the ongoing issues and start conversation regarding local town politics. "

	Plan: "I will make sure I campaign for all my friends to vote for mayor"

Goal: Jump over a six foot tall man.

	Plan: "Devise a way to get him to crouch down or get on his knees. Run and jump over him."

	Plan: "I'd give him at least 5m in front to make a good run up so as to gather momentum, once I get close to him, I'd place my hands on his shoulder and try to jump over him."

	Plan: "First I would not recommend doing this. Sounds very dangerous, but I would get a pogo stick. Bounce really high then take your chance and jump. "

	Plan: "This goal can be accomplished in three phases.<br />Phase 1:<br />Work on your leg strength and conditioning. Hit the gym for weighted leg work outs including weighted squats, deadlifts and leg press. Aim to hit the weights 3-4 times a week, progressively adding more weight each time. This phase should last 4 weeks.<br />Phase 2:<br />Fast-twitch muscle conditioning. Build up your fast-twitch muscles with sprints and agility training. Think NFL training camp style workouts. This phase should last 4 weeks.<br />Phase 3:<br />Box jumps. Put your training to task and practice using your new leg strength and fast-twitch muscles by starting with you box jumps. Start small and add more height to your box jumps. Take the marathon training approach to this phase and train to jump HIGHER than 6 feet two weeks before the scheduled jump and then taper the training off to allow for full muscle strength on jump day.<br />JUMP DAY! Soar to great heights my friend! "

	Plan: "Look for workouts on youtube that will help you increase you jumping height. Start a daily stretching routine so your agility improves. "

	Plan: "Exercise, practice, and have the man slump over a tiny bit to give some room to make it."

	Plan: "To jump over a six foot tall man, I would ask him to lay down on the ground.  After he has laid down, I would jump over him. This was, instead of having to jump vertically 6 feet in the air, I would only have to jump a foot or so in the air."

	Plan: "Place x on floor and tell tall man to stand there.<br />Place small trampoline next to man<br />20 feet running start from man and trampoline<br />Run and jump onto Trampoline<br />Soar above your 6 foot tall pal"

	Plan: "1. Ask the man to sit or lay on the ground<br />2. Get a running start<br />3. Jump as you approach him and use your forward momentum to launch yourself over and beyond the man."

	Plan: "Tell a six foot tall man to stand inside of a six foot deep hole. Jump over the hole."

Goal: Keep a baby platupyus entertained.

	Plan: "Entertain it with things the animal loves"

	Plan: "pick it up and snuggle it, see if it likes that. if not, try and find a safe body of water that it can swim/hang out in. not sure if they eat veggies, but you could try feeding it some fresh veggies."

	Plan: "research what baby platypuses like to do, obtain necessary materials"

	Plan: "In order to keep it entertained, I would run around in circles and make loud, animal noises."

	Plan: "I will construct a aquarium and with plastic fish for it."

	Plan: "I will do dies by presenting some monkey tricks; like dancing in a circle,clapping of hands and swinging huge leaves, etc."

	Plan: "Invite a clawn"

	Plan: "Enter the water and gently approach. Hope for the best!"

	Plan: "I would look up what baby platupyus like to do.   Then I would find ways to do those things.   "

	Plan: "Allow it to move freely in it habitat"

Goal: Keep the plants in your garden alive.

	Plan: "First you should understand what the plant's requirements are. Then you should try to fulfill those requirements. If they begin to die, you should consult an expert. "

	Plan: "To keep the plants alive in my garden I will water them, put out organic, natural bug repellant and feed them plant food."

	Plan: "To keep plants alive, it is important to water them and fertilize them regularly. It is also important to make sure they get adequate sunlight."

	Plan: "I would make sure I have sunlight and water for it all the time.I would make sure i keep it well maintained."

	Plan: "keep the plants in the garden alive simply by watering and weeding the plants daily."

	Plan: "Make sure they are getting sun and water."

	Plan: "Keeping plants alive in a garden takes several steps. To start at the root of the problem it's worth checking the quality of the soil. You can achieve this by purchasing a do-it-yourself kit that measures the acidity and alkalinity of the soil, etc. Once that is handled, you will need to follow instructions based on the type of plant for sunlight exposure, watering habits, etc. It would also be advisable to create a barrier so that pets and other wildlife cannot eat or destroy the plants."

	Plan: "According to the types of plants in your garden have paper work or notes taken on each individual care needs. If a plant needs less sun, cover with an umbrella, or move to shadier spot. follow all proper care for each individual plant by doing the research and everyday checking on them. Signs that they are not being properly cared for is, droopy stems, wrinkled leaves, or burnt brown leaves. "

	Plan: "research the water and light needs of each individual plant and care for them accordingly"

	Plan: "Try to always water the plant and care for it."

Goal: Make a fort underwater.

	Plan: "I would research how you can make a fort safety under the water. i would find out what kind of material will actually work underwater. I would find out witch matrial would be best for underwater. Then I would take the steps and going underwater to see where i want to do it at. Then i would find out how i can safety do it with tools underwater. then last I would build it with the material and tools i have avaiable."

	Plan: "First clear out the water using sponges or source blocks.<br />Go underwater and start building the exterior of your structure.<br />Construct all the floors, walls, and ceilings.<br />"

	Plan: "Get as much oxygen tanks and masks, then I proceed to building a fortified fort. "

	Plan: "ensure i put on safety wears <br />ensure i take a good and well filled oxygen gas<br />use swimming goggle"

	Plan: "To make a fort underwater you need materials that are waterproof and can hold up to all the elements.  A plastic fort kit that they sell online would work because it would not deteriorate in the water and could be built on try land in pieces and assembled completely underwater. It comes with durable hardware that can also avoid rusting and damage overtime. "

	Plan: "My plan would be to research as much as I could about what makes a safe fort underwater. If people were going to be in this fort I would make sure it was watertight and they had a way of getting oxygen. I guess it really depends on what I am making this fort for? I suppose regardless part of my plan would be to take scuba classes so I could stay underwater long enough to build the fort. "

	Plan: "To make a fort underwater, you will need to gather supplies. Some supplies could be pieces of sturdy wood, nets, tarps, and screws to attach the pieces of wood together. The wood could be stacked and screwed together in a safe and sturdy manner. Then, the nets could be placed over it to allow for water to flow through it. Tarps could be placed strategically on the structure to allow for privacy."

	Plan: "create a conrete structure with a base on a large military ship, use a crane to lift and drop it into the water"

	Plan: "If you were intending to create an underwater fort you would first need to gather materials. I would advise for something lightweight and covered in a waterproofed covering, this could be a simple as plastic-covered cardboard. You could then assemble the material into a box-like shape or whatever else you choose and then carefully bring it into the water.Once fully submerged make sure to tether it to the ground.  "

	Plan: "Google underwater fort plans and follow them."

Goal: Make a pair of new shoes.

	Plan: "first watch you tube videos on the internet and read far and wide about how shoes and then get soles and leader thread and all the necessary tools and also seek further assistance from a professional or solicit for help from a professional<br /> "

	Plan: "1) find fabric needed to make shoes, such as leather<br />2) measure the dimensions of your feet<br />3) find a design that is appealing<br />4) find/buy a shoemaker's last<br />5) cut fabric into design<br />6) sew fabrics together<br />"

	Plan: "Find an UTube video about making shoes. Watch it several times, buy or borrow tools mentioned in video, and buy supplies like soles, recommended glue, thread and needle if mentioned in video, shoe laces, leather or canvas for making the upper part of the shoe. <br />Make a pattern for shoe parts per UTube video. Cut out part then Follow instructions on video to assemble shoes."

	Plan: "I'm going to make a new pair of shoes for this coming ceremony,I will ask a cobbler to made a very beautiful black shoe for me because am using it with white long dresses."

	Plan: "First you will need to create a design or sketch of what shoes you want to make. The design should include both the aesthetic look of the shoe as well as practical considerations. Practical considerations include material, dimensions to fit your foot, stitching, any tools needed to make the shoes/stitch, where the material can be gotten, prices, and a time estimate. After all necessary materials have been compiled the shoes should be created from the base up: sole, body, tounge, lace holes, stitching, and design. "

	Plan: "Step 1 - You'll need a soul. Without your soul, you'll have nothing to stand on. Step 2 - To your soul sew a tongue, eyelets, and other pieces of leather to create the upper portion of the shoe. Ensure the shoe is shoe-shaped. Step 3 - Try on your new shoe, never worn! If you paid attention in Step 2, the shoe should be the correct shape. Step 4 - return to Step 1 and repeat the process for a mirror image shoe."

	Plan: "Start by searching the materials used for shoes. buy those materials and find a video that shows step by step demonstration to making a shoe. There will be trial and error but keep practicing to get the perfect shoe."

	Plan: "To make a new pair of shoes, you would need to do some research to learn how shoes are typically made. You would need to have an idea in mind for the style or fabric of shoe and learn how those are specifically made. You would need to come up with a design as well for how you wanted your shoe to look. Then, you'd need to find the right machinery and supplies to make that shoe, potentially consulting someone who has experience."

	Plan: "Write down materials. Well, maybe for someone like me, research what materials you actually need, then write them down. How much of each? First timer? better buy extra. Machinery? Guidebooks + YouTube vids. set aside a full day, then get to work. "

	Plan: "I research what i need to make the shoes and how to do it. I buy the materials I need to make them . I follow the instructions on how to start making them."

Goal: Order food in a restaurant, where you don't speak the native language.

	Plan: "I would find the menu online and use google translate.   I would identify my request.  Then I would google how to pronounce it in the native language.  I would look up some key terms for ordering as well.    Ideally I'd have a picture or could order online."

	Plan: "I will appear apologetic that I don't speak that language. Then, I will use the menu to point very clearly to which option I want."

	Plan: "My plan is to look for their menu book"

	Plan: "My plan is to make my order online for a home delivery. I will use google translate to get the right words to use in navigating my way through the various menu and get to my desired meal.<br />"

	Plan: "I will ise sign language."

	Plan: "Use a translator to communicate with them"

	Plan: "At first I will download an app in which I can translate my language into their language. This is how I can order food in a restaurant"

	Plan: "I'll just ask for help"

	Plan: "Learn the basics of the native language, and then practice ordering in the language with a friend who speaks the language"

	Plan: "I would ask them if they speak English. If they dont, I would point to pictures and use my fingers to show how many"

Goal: Paint a fence.

	Plan: "Buy a pressure washer<br />Lightly pressure wash the fence, being gentle enough not to harm the fence<br />Let dry<br />Pick your paint color<br />Buy equipment<br />Use a roller brush to paint a light coat onto the fence, repeating until desired paint solidity is reached<br />Let dry"

	Plan: "First you will need to decide on which color you would want on your fence. Second you will need the supplies to apply the paint. Thirdly you will paint it and let it dry then repaint it. Lastly you will add a finally coat and a clear coat. "

	Plan: "Buy or gather supplies needed (paint, roller, pan). Add paint to the pan, dip the roller in the paint until it is covered in paint, then roll the roller up and down the fence. "

	Plan: "Remove old debris and paint with scraper and/or sandpaper. Paint it.<br />"

	Plan: "First, I will need to go to the paint store to purchase the paint and equipment that is needed (brushes, rollers, etc). Then I will need to get my workspace cleared, making sure that I can access all areas of the fence that need painted.  Then I can begin painting the fence, making sure to cover the fence evenly with paint."

	Plan: "Gather your materials, paint and brushes along with cleaning supplies.<br />Clean the fence first, repair and sand where needed.<br />Paint the face of the fence, one bar at a time using even and smooth strokes. <br />Music will help the process go a bit faster.<br />Keep painting until the faces of each bar has a good first, even coat. <br />Move to the back of the fence, taking special note of the support braces so as to not gather globs of paint.<br />Continue the painting process until the first coat has been applied to the front and back of the fence.<br />Drink lemonade.<br />Repeat the process with a second coat.<br />Enjoy the painted fence!"

	Plan: "Decide on a color that would work best for your property. Go to home depot and get advice on paint colors. Buy paint and brushes, then start painting."

	Plan: "I would measure my fence to know how much paint I need. Then get my supplies and get to work."

	Plan: "1. Pick a color<br />2. Buy the color and other supplies<br />3. Power wash the fence to get the previous paint chips off<br />4. Sand and smooth the fence<br />5. Prep your painting supplies<br />6. Paint it on a suitable day where it won't be too hot and humid and it won't rain."

	Plan: "I would simply wait for my friends to walk by and then exaggerate how fun it was to paint the fence until they did it for me. If they didn't come by, I suppose I would just carry the bucket from one side to the next and steadily paint the entire fence until it was done. "

Goal: Play baseball with your friends.

	Plan: "Teams should be made. Each team will need at least nine players to fill all the spots on the field. If there are no bases on the field, something will have to be used in lieu of them. The teams will need a glove for all people, at least one bat, ideally helmets, and half a dozen balls. One team will bat first, the other will be in the field. There are 7 innings. Each team gets three outs while batting. Four balls is a walk and three strikes is an out. "

	Plan: "We plan and inform everyone of my friends that we will be having a baseball game over the weekend."

	Plan: "Find a baseball and bat, find mitts for each player. Meet your friends at a baseball field, if possible, or in a large grassy area. Divide into two teams. Decide who is pitcher, catcher, 1st, 2nd and 3rd base. The kid(s) who know the rules explain the rules to everyone. Have fun playing."

	Plan: "I'm gonna play basketball with my friends this coming weekend"

	Plan: "Need to determine type of game. Full on 9 v 9 baseball? Wiffle-ball in the backyard? Homerun derby? I'll assume the former. Need MINIMUM 9 guys per team, but more likely 10 or 11 because people always no-show. Inevitable. Who can play? Come up with a list of 25 guys. Can't contact 1 by 1 because it'll take too long chronologically and they won't have the peer pressure of having to respond to the group. Group email + Group text. Gotta give deadlines, because it's like herding cats otherwise (or even still). Give people firm date, time, location. Book an umpire. Have bag of balls ready to go, along with spare bats and gloves. quick prayer that everyone shows up when they said they would."

	Plan: "To play baseball with friends, you would first need to find some friends who were interested in playing. A few friends could play catch, and a larger group of friends could play a full game. If people are interested, you would need to find an area to play as well. A larger field could work, or you could look for a baseball diamond. Tools such as bats, baseballs, and gloves would be needed."

	Plan: "1) find a nearby field<br />2) find a baseball bat and gloves for each individual playing<br />3) move to the field<br />4) delineate the bases using some sort of marker"

	Plan: "First, make some friends. Once you have enough for a team, drum up interest by asking all your friends over to watch the movie The Sandlot. make sure you have at least one baseball and one bat, otherwise, you're not playing baseball. Find a field with a diamond, and you're ready to strike out the homers!"

	Plan: "First I would contact my friends and find a time we could all play. Then I would gather equipment. Then I would pick a location for us to meet. Then I would assign positions based on everyone's skill and preference. And then we would play ball. "

	Plan: "Gather gear for the game and decide on a time to start. Arrive on time and play"

Goal: Protect the deer in your nearby woods during hunting season.

	Plan: "Dress a hunter and go out into the woods.<br />Make as much noise as possible so all the deer will run away.<br />"

	Plan: "Make sure to post plenty of No Hunting signs around your property, and use any necessary tools to attract the deer to the area. Popular tools for this are Deer Corn, Calls, and Salt lick bricks"

	Plan: "First I will look into community groups, to see if there is anyone involved in nature preservation in the area.  I will also see if hunting is allowed in my local woods, and if not make sure to put up signs informing hunters of this fact.  I will also put flyers up throughout the town, as well as on online community message boards, informing the people of our community that it is hunting season but that we should protect our deer."

	Plan: "I would set up signs to let others know not to hunt in this area. If that doesn’t work then I’ll get in contact with an organization who can get my area “off limits” to hunters. "

	Plan: "The best way to do this is to ensure I have the contact of the animal control services, that way if any poacher try to hurt them, there would be a rescue team in handy."

	Plan: "Put signs up saying that hunting deer in that forest is a 5000$ fine and liable to up to 3 years in prison, then hire several dozen park rangers to patrol the forest throughout the duration of hunting season."

	Plan: "I would put a loud radio in the nearby woods and spray wolf urine in the area to discourage deer from being there."

	Plan: "Start a petition or call your local government office to ban hunting in your woods."

	Plan: "1. Be aware of hunting laws, protect yourself form protective gun owners.<br />2. If you suspect poaching, call the game warden.<br />3. Create a movement for protecting deer in your local community and discouraging the hunting of these animals. (You MUST have valid reasoning, i.e. the gunshots scaring children in the neighborhood, flying bullets as a potential danger to humans. Otherwise, no one will listen to you since it is legal in hunting season)<br />4. Get a following for your movement<br />5. Create a local petition and a general sense of unity on the issue through the use of social media, discussion forums, and whatever else suits your community."

	Plan: "To protect the deer in the nearby woods from hunters, I could put out flyers in the area to remind people not to hunt in those woods and to contact me if they see hunters in the area. I could use security cams to watch the deer, and try to figure out when they usually pass by an area as well as notice when a deer is missing. I could also plant noise making traps or something similar that can go off if a hunter is spotted in the area, which would scare off the deer hopefully. And of course, I could put up signs area heavily trafficked areas in the woods saying that hunting would be punished. If I had more resources I might try to track the deer families long term and maybe investigate in deer processing places if I suspect something happened to a deer in these particular woods. "

Goal: Put out a fire that started near the wires from your TV.

	Plan: "firstly,disconnect the light from the building<br />secondly,apply fire extinguisher which must have been hanged in a close proximity in the room<br />thirdly,call the fire authority to avoid any issues in the latter "

	Plan: "I would grab a fire extinguisher and use that first. If it was a really big fire I think my plan would be to call the fire department first and then use a fire extinguisher in the meantime, if it was safe to. "

	Plan: "Throw your fire-proof blanket over the flames. "

	Plan: "I would use my fire extinguisher to put out a fire near the wires of my TV.  Water would not work because of all the sparks it would cause. "

	Plan: "First turn off the electricity supply to the house quickly by getting to the control panel and turn off the switch.Then use your fire extinguisher. If you don't have one, put out the fire with water."

	Plan: "If you need to put out a fire that started near the wires of your TV, you would first need to determine how quickly the fire is growing. If it is a smaller fire, you can attempt to smother the fire by covering it entirely with an object to deprive it of oxygen until it burns out. If it is a larger fire, please start off by quickly turning off the electricity to that room. If you have a fire extinguisher, now is the time to use it. Otherwise, quickly douse the flame in a non-flammable liquid. "

	Plan: "Douse it with water."

	Plan: "To put out the fire, I will get my fire extinguisher rated for electric fires. I will then use the PASS technique - PULL, AIM, SQUEEZE, SWEEP, while my housemate calls 9-1-1. If the fire does not go out using the fire extinguisher I will step aside while the firefighters put out the fire."

	Plan: "grab fire extinguisher and use it on the affected area"

	Plan: "immediately call 911 on your phone and report a fire for help. If you can at the same time you are calling 911 locate a fire extinguisher. Use fire extinguisher to put out fire until the fire department shows up. If you are not able to find a fire extinguisher at the same time calling 911, remove yourself and any other life forms out and away from room with fire. You do not want to pour water onto fire to prevent a greater electrical fire, or electricution through stepping in water on the floor. Stay on the phone with 911, and follow all their instructions. "

Goal: Remove plaque from the teeth of a lion.

	Plan: "ask a zookeeper about how they would do it, get training and necessary supplies"

	Plan: "First I would make sure I am working with trained professionals. Next, I would make sure that there is a device that can keep the lion's mouth open. I will then use floss."

	Plan: "I would first find a way to tranquilize the lion .  Then I would use a toothbrush on the tooth of the lion.  I would also consider feeding it treats with plaque removers,  like those that exist for dogs."

	Plan: "make sure the lion is heavily sedated. lay him down and make sure the legs and head are restrained so that if he wakes up he won't bit your hand/head off. open his mouth and clean the teeth with a scraping type tool."

	Plan: "Find animal specialists to capture and put him to sleep safely. Clean his teeth while he sleeps."

	Plan: "I will tame the lion with a tranquilizer and wait for it to fall asleep. After this, i open it's mouth and remove the plaque."

	Plan: "Killing the lions first "

	Plan: "Firstly, I would recommend you tranquilize/anesthetize the lion first so you don't have to worry about it being hostile towards you. Then, using a giant toothbrush/toothpaste, you could brush the lion's teeth or scrape them, depending on the severity of the plaque on the lion's teeth. And also be far away when the lion wakes up."

	Plan: "Kill the lion"

	Plan: "From a distance I will through a peace of meat to the lion. So when he go for the meat to eat, the plaque from the teeth of the lion will come out."

Goal: Steal the championship trophy from behind your school's award case.

	Plan: "well first i will monitor when the school closes down for the day and the time that it opens for the morning schooling. secondly i will also check the routines of the security in the school and also check where the security cameras are and the blind spot from there i will get my tools needed to cut the class and also disable the alarm if any and decide the perfect time to execute my plan and it will be in the night to go in and take the trophy "

	Plan: "I go to the school when it is dark and when one is around and sneak my way in. I go find the trophy and I see it."

	Plan: "Go there in the deep of the night and sneak in when no one can see me then steal the trophy. "

	Plan: "First, you have to get onto campus while nobody else is there. Decide whether it'll be better to sneak onto campus overnight or during the weekend. You'll have to bring a bolt cutter to break through the gymnasium door (which has no camera access, as all the under-bleacher makers-out know), as well as a glass cutter to gain access to the trophy itself. as soon as you grab the trophy, hide it in you backpack. Then stroll on outta there the same way you came it and you're home free!"

	Plan: "I would cause a distraction from the principal or anyone in charge and have someone help steal it during a class hours."

	Plan: "school award cases are most likely surrounded by glass that is either unscrewed or needs a key to open. the most brute force way would be to break the case open.<br />1) first, make a plan to go into the school and remain undetected<br />2) take note of any security cameras and any doors that remain unlocked at night<br />3) grab a brute force object: hammer, sledgehammer, etc.<br />4) sneak into the premises at night, go to the award case, break it open using the object.<br />"

	Plan: "The most important step here is to figure out if there's an alarm on the glass/case. So we need to do a bit of reconnaissance. If no alarm, this is an easy smash-and-grab job. Go into the school during open hours, hide out, wait until the coast is clear, put on a disguise/mask, break the glass, hustle out the front door to a getaway vehicle. If recon turns up an alarm, then it just adds a step or two regarding turning said alarm off before taking the loot.   "

	Plan: "First I would secure a way in after hours. Then I would teach myself to pick similar locks. Then I would look for cameras and formulate a disguise if needed. I would sneak in by foot so my vehicle couldn't be recognized. And then I would execute the heist. "

	Plan: "Yeah!! I'm going to steal the award by doing great in the competition and focus more on my opponent weakness"

	Plan: "To steal the championship trophy from your school, you would need to figure out how to access the school's award case, whether there is a key that operates it or whether it is unlocked. You would need to maybe work with someone else to help coordinate this as well to understand the schedule of school employees or building managers to make sure they don't catch you. Then, you would need to figure out a plan after you get the trophy as to not get caught and how you would get back home or wherever you'd want to bring the trophy."

Goal: Stop your canoe from falling down the waterfall.

	Plan: "I think I would leave the canoe unless you are in it. I would yell for help."

	Plan: "I will keep a big rock there and thus my canoe will stop from falling down the waterfall."

	Plan: "I would try to poke a hole in the canoe so that it sinks.   If someone is in the canoe,  I would have them try to hold on to a nearby tree or branch.   Otherwise,  I would also consider putting something heavy to block the canoe or dam the waterfall."

	Plan: "put your ore in the water and try to latch on to the ground so the canoe doesn't move. try to grab any branches hanging over you so you font fall down. if you have rope, try to tie it to something nearby to hold it."

	Plan: "First, I will make sure I have a sturdy rope to fasten to the canoe. Then, I will anchor the boat using the rope that is attached to the shore."

	Plan: "Initially you should try to avoid getting close to the waterfall. You can paddle against the current if it is not too fast, otherwise perpedicular will work beter."

	Plan: "My plan is to tie a very strong rope to the head of my canoe and attach the opposite end to a strong three on either side of the water flow."

	Plan: "I will row the boat backwards."

	Plan: "Allow the canoe to be on equilibruim "

	Plan: "My plan is to try to change the direction of the conoe "

Goal: Take your dog for a walk.

	Plan: "I will grab my dog's leash, stock up on poop bags, put some comfy athleisure clothes on, throw on some socks, tie my shoes, and head out for the park with my pooch!"

	Plan: "I will plan to carry water for hydration and a leash then plan my route to exit."

	Plan: "1) put dog on a leash<br />2) go outside with dog<br />3) start walking with dog on leash"

	Plan: "Find the dog's leash, atatch to dog's collar. Bring along a plastic bag  to pick up any poop your dog excretes.<br />walk outside with your dog."

	Plan: "It's been awhile I go out with my dog, definitely tomorrow is alright to take stroll with her"

	Plan: "I think about the health for my dog even tho I don't want to do it. I put the leash on and I tell myself I will walk them for 10 minutes. I sometimes end up walking them for 20 mintues."

	Plan: "Grab a poop bag and water (with a way to give your dog some). Plan out the route you want and how long it will take. Get all your supplies ready. Grab the lease. Put your dog on the lease. Take your supplies and keys with you out the door. Lock your door. "

	Plan: "To take your dog for a walk, you would need to make sure it was a good day outside for a walk. You would also need to plan for a good time, where you wouldn't have to work and where your dog would be ready for a walk. Then you would need to make sure you have the proper supplies, like a leash, and anything else you would need. Then you would need to plan a good route for the walk to make sure there is nothing dangerous or in the way of a walk."

	Plan: "put a leech over its neck get dressed feed it for a bit and then step out of the house"

	Plan: "Walk up and take bruno for a quick walk tommorrow."
